api-reference/v1.0/api/authenticationmethod-resetpassword.md, before:

---
title: "authenticationMethod: resetPassword"
description: "Reset a user's password."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "zhvolosh"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# authenticationMethod: resetPassword

Namespace: microsoft.graph


Reset a user's password, represented by a [password authentication method](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) object. This can only be done by an administrator with appropriate permissions and cannot be performed on a user's own account.

This flow writes the new password to Azure Active Directory and pushes it to on-premises Active Directory if configured using password writeback. The admin can either provide a new password or have the system generate one. The user is prompted to change their password on their next sign in.

This reset is a long-running operation and will return a **Location** header with a link where the caller can periodically check for the status of the reset operation.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The operation cannot be performed on a user's own account. Only an administrator with the appropriate permissions can perform this operation.

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-write](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-write.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/methods/{id}/resetPassword
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Content-type  | application/json. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter    | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|newPassword|String|The new password. Required for tenants with hybrid password scenarios. If omitted for a cloud-only password, the system returns a system-generated password. This is a unicode string with no other encoding. It is validated against the tenant's banned password system before acceptance, and must adhere to the tenant's cloud and/or on-premises password requirements.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code and a [passwordResetResponse](../resources/passwordresetresponse.md) in the response body. The response body may also include a **Location** header with a URL to check the status of the [reset operation](longrunningoperation-get.md).

If the caller did not submit a password, a Microsoft-generated password is provided in a JSON object in the response body.

### Response headers

| Name        | Description     |
|:------------|:----------------|
|Location     | URL to call to check the status of the operation. Required.|
|Retry-after  | Duration in seconds. Optional.|

## Examples

### Example 1: User-submitted password

The following example shows how to call this API when the caller submits a password.

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "passwordauthenticationmethod_resetpassword_adminprovided"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/methods/28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490/resetPassword
Content-type: application/json

{
    "newPassword": "Cuyo5459"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Content-type: application/json
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/operations/88e7560c-9ebf-435c-8089-c3998ac1ec51?aadgdc=DUB02P&aadgsu=ssprprod-a

{}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "passwordAuthenticationMethod: resetPassword",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

### Example 2: System-generated password

The following example shows how to call this API when the caller does not submit a password.

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "passwordauthenticationmethod_resetpassword_systemgenerated"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/methods/28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490/resetPassword
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 ACCEPTED
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/operations/77bafe36-3ac0-4f89-96e4-a4a5a48da851?aadgdc=DUB02P&aadgsu=ssprprod-a
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#microsoft.graph.passwordResetResponse",
    "newPassword": "Cuyo5459"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "passwordAuthenticationMethod: resetPassword",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/authenticationmethod-resetpassword.md, after:

---
title: "authenticationMethod: resetPassword"
description: "Reset a user's password."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "zhvolosh"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# authenticationMethod: resetPassword

Namespace: microsoft.graph


Reset a user's password, represented by a [password authentication method](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) object. This can only be done by an administrator with appropriate permissions and cannot be performed on a user's own account.

This flow writes the new password to Azure Active Directory and pushes it to on-premises Active Directory if configured using password writeback. The admin can either provide a new password or have the system generate one. The user is prompted to change their password on their next sign in.

This reset is a long-running operation and will return a **Location** header with a link where the caller can periodically check for the status of the reset operation.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "authenticationmethod_resetpassword" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/authenticationmethod-resetpassword-permissions.md)]

[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-write](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-write.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/methods/{id}/resetPassword
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Content-type  | application/json. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter    | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|newPassword|String|The new password. Required for tenants with hybrid password scenarios. If omitted for a cloud-only password, the system returns a system-generated password. This is a unicode string with no other encoding. It is validated against the tenant's banned password system before acceptance, and must adhere to the tenant's cloud and/or on-premises password requirements.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code and a [passwordResetResponse](../resources/passwordresetresponse.md) in the response body. The response body may also include a **Location** header with a URL to check the status of the [reset operation](longrunningoperation-get.md).

If the caller did not submit a password, a Microsoft-generated password is provided in a JSON object in the response body.

### Response headers

| Name        | Description     |
|:------------|:----------------|
|Location     | URL to call to check the status of the operation. Required.|
|Retry-after  | Duration in seconds. Optional.|

## Examples

### Example 1: User-submitted password

The following example shows how to call this API when the caller submits a password.

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "passwordauthenticationmethod_resetpassword_adminprovided"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/methods/28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490/resetPassword
Content-type: application/json

{
    "newPassword": "Cuyo5459"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-adminprovided-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Content-type: application/json
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/operations/88e7560c-9ebf-435c-8089-c3998ac1ec51?aadgdc=DUB02P&aadgsu=ssprprod-a

{}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "passwordAuthenticationMethod: resetPassword",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

### Example 2: System-generated password

The following example shows how to call this API when the caller does not submit a password.

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "passwordauthenticationmethod_resetpassword_systemgenerated"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/methods/28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490/resetPassword
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/passwordauthenticationmethod-resetpassword-systemgenerated-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 ACCEPTED
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/6ea91a8d-e32e-41a1-b7bd-d2d185eed0e0/authentication/operations/77bafe36-3ac0-4f89-96e4-a4a5a48da851?aadgdc=DUB02P&aadgsu=ssprprod-a
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#microsoft.graph.passwordResetResponse",
    "newPassword": "Cuyo5459"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "passwordAuthenticationMethod: resetPassword",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
