api-reference/v1.0/api/chartlegend-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get ChartLegend"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartlegend object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get ChartLegend

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartlegend object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookChartLegend](../resources/chartlegend.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_chartlegend"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-chartlegend-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-chartlegend-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-chartlegend-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-chartlegend-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-chartlegend-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-chartlegend-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-chartlegend-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartLegend"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "visible": true,
  "position": "position-value",
  "overlay": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get ChartLegend",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/chartlegend-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get ChartLegend"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartlegend object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get ChartLegend

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartlegend object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "chartlegend_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/chartlegend-get-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookChartLegend](../resources/chartlegend.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_chartlegend"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/legend
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-chartlegend-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-chartlegend-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-chartlegend-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-chartlegend-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-chartlegend-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-chartlegend-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-chartlegend-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartLegend"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "visible": true,
  "position": "position-value",
  "overlay": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get ChartLegend",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
