api-reference/v1.0/api/chart-image.md, before:

---
title: "Chart: Image"
description: "Renders the chart as a base64-encoded image by scaling the chart to fit the specified dimensions."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Chart: Image

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Renders the chart as a base64-encoded image by scaling the chart to fit the specified dimensions.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "samples" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640)
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640)
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480)
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480)
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Path parameters
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|height|Int32|The desired height of the resulting image. Optional.|
|width|Int32|The desired width of the resulting image. Optional.|
|fittingMode|string|The method used to scale the chart to the specified dimensions (if both height and width are set)."  The possible values are: `Fit`, `FitAndCenter`, `Fill`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and base-64 image string in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- 
{ 
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "chart_image"
} -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/chart-image-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/chart-image-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/chart-image-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/chart-image-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/chart-image-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/chart-image-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/chart-image-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Edm.String" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json;odata.metadata=minimal;odata.streaming=true

{
"value" : "base-64 chart image string"
}
```

## Usage

You can display the base-64 string inside an HTML image tag: `<img src="data:image/png;base64,{base-64 chart image string}/>`.

For default behavior, use `Image(width=0,height=0,fittingMode='fit')`. Here is an example of a chart image returned with the default parameters.

![Screenshot showing a pie chart displayed using the default settings and fitting mode set to fit.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/GetChart-default.png)

If you want to customize the display of the image, specify a height, width, and a fitting mode. Here is what the same chart image looks like if you retrieve it with these parameters: `Image(width=500,height=500,fittingMode='Fill')`.

![Screenshot showing a pie chart displayed using width and height set to 500, and fitting mode set to fill.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/GetChart-fill.png)

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Chart: Image",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/chart-image.md, after:

---
title: "Chart: Image"
description: "Renders the chart as a base64-encoded image by scaling the chart to fit the specified dimensions."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Chart: Image

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Renders the chart as a base64-encoded image by scaling the chart to fit the specified dimensions.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "chart_image" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/chart-image-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "samples" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640)
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640)
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480)
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480)
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Path parameters
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|height|Int32|The desired height of the resulting image. Optional.|
|width|Int32|The desired width of the resulting image. Optional.|
|fittingMode|string|The method used to scale the chart to the specified dimensions (if both height and width are set)."  The possible values are: `Fit`, `FitAndCenter`, `Fill`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and base-64 image string in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- 
{ 
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "chart_image"
} -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/image(width=640,height=480,fittingMode='fit')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/chart-image-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/chart-image-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/chart-image-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/chart-image-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/chart-image-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/chart-image-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/chart-image-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Edm.String" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json;odata.metadata=minimal;odata.streaming=true

{
"value" : "base-64 chart image string"
}
```

## Usage

You can display the base-64 string inside an HTML image tag: `<img src="data:image/png;base64,{base-64 chart image string}/>`.

For default behavior, use `Image(width=0,height=0,fittingMode='fit')`. Here is an example of a chart image returned with the default parameters.

![Screenshot showing a pie chart displayed using the default settings and fitting mode set to fit.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/GetChart-default.png)

If you want to customize the display of the image, specify a height, width, and a fitting mode. Here is what the same chart image looks like if you retrieve it with these parameters: `Image(width=500,height=500,fittingMode='Fill')`.

![Screenshot showing a pie chart displayed using width and height set to 500, and fitting mode set to fill.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/GetChart-fill.png)

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Chart: Image",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
