api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-invite.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Send an invite to access an item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Sends a sharing invitation for a driveItem."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Send a sharing invitation

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Sends a sharing invitation for a **driveItem**.
A sharing invitation provides permissions to the recipients and optionally sends them an email with a [sharing link][].

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/invite
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/invite
```

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```json
{
  "requireSignIn": false,
  "sendInvitation": false,
  "roles": [ "read | write"],
  "recipients": [
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" },
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" }
  ],
  "message": "string"
}
```

| Parameter        | Type                           | Description
|:-----------------|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------
| recipients       | Collection([DriveRecipient][]) | A collection of recipients who will receive access and the sharing invitation.
| message          | String                         | A plain text formatted message that is included in the sharing invitation. Maximum length 2000 characters.
| requireSignIn    | Boolean                        | Specifies whether the recipient of the invitation is required to sign-in to view the shared item.
| sendInvitation   | Boolean                        | If true, a [sharing link][] is sent to the recipient. Otherwise, a permission is granted directly without sending a notification.
| roles            | Collection(String)             | Specifies the roles that are to be granted to the recipients of the sharing invitation.
| expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                       | Specifies the **dateTime** after which the permission expires. For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint, **xpirationDateTime** is only applicable for **sharingLink** permissions. Available on OneDrive for Business, SharePoint, and premium personal OneDrive accounts.
| password           | String                         | The password set on the invite by the creator. Optional and OneDrive Personal only.
| retainInheritedPermissions | Boolean                        | Optional. If `true` (default), any existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time.

## Example

This example sends a sharing invitation to a user with email address "ryan@contoso.com" with a message about a file being collaborated on.
The invitation grants Ryan read-write access to the file.

### HTTP request

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [permission](../resources/permission.md) collection object in the response body.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "send-sharing-invite", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
Content-type: application/json

{
  "recipients": [
    {
      "email": "ryan@contoso.com"
    }
  ],
  "message": "Here's the file that we're collaborating on.",
  "requireSignIn": true,
  "sendInvitation": true,
  "roles": [ "write" ],
  "password": "password123",
  "expirationDateTime": "2018-07-15T14:00:00.000Z"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/send-sharing-invite-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/send-sharing-invite-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/send-sharing-invite-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/send-sharing-invite-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/send-sharing-invite-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/send-sharing-invite-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/send-sharing-invite-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/send-sharing-invite-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Here is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "@deprecated.GrantedTo": "GrantedTo has been deprecated. Refer to GrantedToV2",
      "grantedTo": {
        "user": {
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
          "id": "42F177F1-22C0-4BE3-900D-4507125C5C20"
        }
      },
      "grantedToV2": {
        "user": {
          "id": "42F177F1-22C0-4BE3-900D-4507125C5C20",
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen"
        },
        "siteUser": {
          "id": "1",
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
          "loginName": "Robin Danielsen"
        }
      },
      "hasPassword": true,
      "id": "CCFC7CA3-7A19-4D57-8CEF-149DB9DDFA62",
      "invitation": {
        "email": "robin@contoso.com",
        "signInRequired": true
      },
      "roles": [ "write" ],
      "expirationDateTime": "2018-07-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

* [Drives](../resources/drive.md) with a **driveType** of `personal` (OneDrive personal) cannot create or modify permissions on the root DriveItem.
* For a list of available roles, see [roles property values](../resources/permission.md#roles-property-values).

## Error responses

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more information about
how errors are returned.


[driveRecipient]: ../resources/driverecipient.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[sharing link]: ../resources/permission.md#sharing-links

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Add permissions to an item and optionally send a sharing notification.",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Add permissions",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-invite.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Send an invite to access an item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Sends a sharing invitation for a driveItem."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Send a sharing invitation

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Sends a sharing invitation for a **driveItem**.
A sharing invitation provides permissions to the recipients and optionally sends them an email with a [sharing link][].

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_invite" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-invite-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/invite
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/invite
```

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```json
{
  "requireSignIn": false,
  "sendInvitation": false,
  "roles": [ "read | write"],
  "recipients": [
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" },
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" }
  ],
  "message": "string"
}
```

| Parameter        | Type                           | Description
|:-----------------|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------
| recipients       | Collection([DriveRecipient][]) | A collection of recipients who will receive access and the sharing invitation.
| message          | String                         | A plain text formatted message that is included in the sharing invitation. Maximum length 2000 characters.
| requireSignIn    | Boolean                        | Specifies whether the recipient of the invitation is required to sign-in to view the shared item.
| sendInvitation   | Boolean                        | If true, a [sharing link][] is sent to the recipient. Otherwise, a permission is granted directly without sending a notification.
| roles            | Collection(String)             | Specifies the roles that are to be granted to the recipients of the sharing invitation.
| expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                       | Specifies the **dateTime** after which the permission expires. For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint, **xpirationDateTime** is only applicable for **sharingLink** permissions. Available on OneDrive for Business, SharePoint, and premium personal OneDrive accounts.
| password           | String                         | The password set on the invite by the creator. Optional and OneDrive Personal only.
| retainInheritedPermissions | Boolean                        | Optional. If `true` (default), any existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time.

## Example

This example sends a sharing invitation to a user with email address "ryan@contoso.com" with a message about a file being collaborated on.
The invitation grants Ryan read-write access to the file.

### HTTP request

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [permission](../resources/permission.md) collection object in the response body.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "send-sharing-invite", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/invite
Content-type: application/json

{
  "recipients": [
    {
      "email": "ryan@contoso.com"
    }
  ],
  "message": "Here's the file that we're collaborating on.",
  "requireSignIn": true,
  "sendInvitation": true,
  "roles": [ "write" ],
  "password": "password123",
  "expirationDateTime": "2018-07-15T14:00:00.000Z"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/send-sharing-invite-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/send-sharing-invite-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/send-sharing-invite-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/send-sharing-invite-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/send-sharing-invite-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/send-sharing-invite-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/send-sharing-invite-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/send-sharing-invite-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Here is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "@deprecated.GrantedTo": "GrantedTo has been deprecated. Refer to GrantedToV2",
      "grantedTo": {
        "user": {
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
          "id": "42F177F1-22C0-4BE3-900D-4507125C5C20"
        }
      },
      "grantedToV2": {
        "user": {
          "id": "42F177F1-22C0-4BE3-900D-4507125C5C20",
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen"
        },
        "siteUser": {
          "id": "1",
          "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
          "loginName": "Robin Danielsen"
        }
      },
      "hasPassword": true,
      "id": "CCFC7CA3-7A19-4D57-8CEF-149DB9DDFA62",
      "invitation": {
        "email": "robin@contoso.com",
        "signInRequired": true
      },
      "roles": [ "write" ],
      "expirationDateTime": "2018-07-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

* [Drives](../resources/drive.md) with a **driveType** of `personal` (OneDrive personal) cannot create or modify permissions on the root DriveItem.
* For a list of available roles, see [roles property values](../resources/permission.md#roles-property-values).

## Error responses

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more information about
how errors are returned.


[driveRecipient]: ../resources/driverecipient.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[sharing link]: ../resources/permission.md#sharing-links

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Add permissions to an item and optionally send a sharing notification.",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Add permissions",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
