api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-restore.md, before:

---
title: "driveItem: restore"
description: "Restore a driveItem that has been deleted and is currently in the recycle bin."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "learafa"
ms.prod: "files"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# driveItem: restore

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Restore a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) that has been deleted and is currently in the recycle bin. **NOTE**: This functionality is currently only available for OneDrive Personal.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Not supported. |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite.All |
| Application                            | Files.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/restore
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter     | Type                                         | Description |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------------------|:------------|
|parentReference|[ItemReference](../resources/itemreference.md)| Optional. Reference to the parent item the deleted item will be restored to. |
|name           |String                                        | Optional. The new name for the restored item. If this isn't provided, the same name will be used as the original. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the restored [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

The following example shows how to call this API.

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "restore-item",
  "scopes": "files.readwrite",
  "target": "action"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{item-id}/restore
Content-type: application/json

{
  "parentReference": {
    "id": "String",
  },
  "name": "String"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/restore-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/restore-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/restore-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/restore-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/restore-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/restore-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/restore-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/restore-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "1312abc!1231",
  "name": "new-restored-item-name.txt",
  "size": 19121,
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Restore a DriveItem.",
  "keywords": "retore,item,driveitem",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Restore"
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-restore.md, after:

---
title: "driveItem: restore"
description: "Restore a driveItem that has been deleted and is currently in the recycle bin."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "learafa"
ms.prod: "files"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# driveItem: restore

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Restore a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) that has been deleted and is currently in the recycle bin. **NOTE**: This functionality is currently only available for OneDrive Personal.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_restore" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-restore-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/restore
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter     | Type                                         | Description |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------------------|:------------|
|parentReference|[ItemReference](../resources/itemreference.md)| Optional. Reference to the parent item the deleted item will be restored to. |
|name           |String                                        | Optional. The new name for the restored item. If this isn't provided, the same name will be used as the original. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the restored [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

The following example shows how to call this API.

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "restore-item",
  "scopes": "files.readwrite",
  "target": "action"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{item-id}/restore
Content-type: application/json

{
  "parentReference": {
    "id": "String",
  },
  "name": "String"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/restore-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/restore-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/restore-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/restore-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/restore-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/restore-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/restore-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/restore-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "1312abc!1231",
  "name": "new-restored-item-name.txt",
  "size": 19121,
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Restore a DriveItem.",
  "keywords": "retore,item,driveitem",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Restore"
}-->
