api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-get.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Get a driveItem resource
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Retrieve the metadata for a driveItem in a drive by file system path or ID."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Get a driveItem resource

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the metadata for a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) in a [drive](../resources/drive.md) by file system path or ID.
`item-id` is the ID of a driveItem. It may also be the unique ID of a [SharePoint list item](../resources/listitem.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
GET /drives/{drive-id}/root:/{item-path}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/driveItem
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand` and `$select` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

You can use the [`$expand` query string parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to include the children of an item in the same call as retrieving the metadata of an item if the item has a **children** relationship.

You can also use the `includeDeletedItems=true` query parameter to return deleted items.
This query parameter is only valid when targeting a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by ID, and otherwise will be ignored.
This is currently only supported on OneDrive Personal.

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Value  | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:--------------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-none-match | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

### Request

Here is an example of the request to the root folder of the user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-drive-root", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-drive-root-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-drive-root-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-drive-root-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-drive-root-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-drive-root-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-drive-root-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-drive-root-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-drive-root-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Here is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": true, "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "createdBy": {
      "user": {
          "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
      }
  },
  "createdDateTime": "2016-03-21T20:01:37Z",
  "cTag": "\"c:{86EB4C8E-D20D-46B9-AD41-23B8868DDA8A},0\"",
  "eTag": "\"{86EB4C8E-D20D-46B9-AD41-23B8868DDA8A},1\"",
  "folder": { "childCount": 120 },
  "id": "01NKDM7HMOJTVYMDOSXFDK2QJDXCDI3WUK",
  "lastModifiedBy": {
      "user": {
          "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
      }
  },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-03-21T20:01:37Z",
  "name": "OneDrive",
  "root": { },
  "size": 157286400,
  "webUrl": "https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/rgregg_contoso_com/Documents"
}
```

## See also

For details about how errors are returned, see [Error responses][error-response].

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[odata-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[special-folder]: ../api/drive-get-specialfolder.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve metadata about an item and its children in OneDrive",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Get item",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-get.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Get a driveItem resource
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Retrieve the metadata for a driveItem in a drive by file system path or ID."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Get a driveItem resource

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the metadata for a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) in a [drive](../resources/drive.md) by file system path or ID.
`item-id` is the ID of a driveItem. It may also be the unique ID of a [SharePoint list item](../resources/listitem.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-get-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
GET /drives/{drive-id}/root:/{item-path}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/driveItem
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand` and `$select` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

You can use the [`$expand` query string parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to include the children of an item in the same call as retrieving the metadata of an item if the item has a **children** relationship.

You can also use the `includeDeletedItems=true` query parameter to return deleted items.
This query parameter is only valid when targeting a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by ID, and otherwise will be ignored.
This is currently only supported on OneDrive Personal.

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Value  | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:--------------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-none-match | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

### Request

Here is an example of the request to the root folder of the user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-drive-root", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-drive-root-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-drive-root-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-drive-root-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-drive-root-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-drive-root-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-drive-root-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-drive-root-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-drive-root-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Here is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": true, "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "createdBy": {
      "user": {
          "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
      }
  },
  "createdDateTime": "2016-03-21T20:01:37Z",
  "cTag": "\"c:{86EB4C8E-D20D-46B9-AD41-23B8868DDA8A},0\"",
  "eTag": "\"{86EB4C8E-D20D-46B9-AD41-23B8868DDA8A},1\"",
  "folder": { "childCount": 120 },
  "id": "01NKDM7HMOJTVYMDOSXFDK2QJDXCDI3WUK",
  "lastModifiedBy": {
      "user": {
          "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
      }
  },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-03-21T20:01:37Z",
  "name": "OneDrive",
  "root": { },
  "size": 157286400,
  "webUrl": "https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/rgregg_contoso_com/Documents"
}
```

## See also

For details about how errors are returned, see [Error responses][error-response].

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[odata-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[special-folder]: ../api/drive-get-specialfolder.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve metadata about an item and its children in OneDrive",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Get item",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
