api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-update.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Update a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Update the metadata for a driveItem by ID or path."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Update DriveItem properties

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the metadata for a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by ID or [path](/graph/onedrive-addressing-driveitems#path-based-addressing).

You can also use update to [move an item](driveitem-move.md) to another parent by updating the item's **parentReference** property.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                         |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current eTag on the folder, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the values for properties that should be updated.

Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance your app should not include properties that haven't changed.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

This example renames the DriveItem resource to "new-file-name.docx".


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "update-item", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "new-file-name.docx"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/update-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/update-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns an [driveItem][item-resource] resource in the response body.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "01NKDM7HMOJTVYMDOSXFDK2QJDXCDI3WUK",
  "name": "new-file-name.docx",
  "file": { }
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for details about how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update or replace the contents or properties of an item.",
  "keywords": "update,replace,contents,item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Update",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-update.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Update a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Update the metadata for a driveItem by ID or path."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Update DriveItem properties

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the metadata for a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by ID or [path](/graph/onedrive-addressing-driveitems#path-based-addressing).

You can also use update to [move an item](driveitem-move.md) to another parent by updating the item's **parentReference** property.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                         |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current eTag on the folder, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the values for properties that should be updated.

Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance your app should not include properties that haven't changed.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

This example renames the DriveItem resource to "new-file-name.docx".


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "update-item", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "new-file-name.docx"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/update-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/update-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns an [driveItem][item-resource] resource in the response body.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "01NKDM7HMOJTVYMDOSXFDK2QJDXCDI3WUK",
  "name": "new-file-name.docx",
  "file": { }
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for details about how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update or replace the contents or properties of an item.",
  "keywords": "update,replace,contents,item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Update",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
