api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-list-thumbnails.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Retrieve thumbnails for a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Retrieve a collection of ThumbnailSet resources for a DriveItem resource."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List thumbnails for a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Retrieve a collection of [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) resources for a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource.

A DriveItem can be represented by zero or more [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) resources.
Each **thumbnailSet** can have one or more [**thumbnail**](../resources/thumbnail.md) objects, which are images that represent the item.
For example, a **thumbnailSet** may include **thumbnail** objects, such as common ones including `small`, `medium`, or `large`.

There are many ways to work with thumbnails on OneDrive.
Here are the most common ones:

* Enumerate available thumbnails for an item
* Retrieve a single thumbnail for an item
* Retrieve thumbnail content
* Retrieve thumbnails for multiple items in a single request
* Retrieve custom thumbnail sizes
* Upload a custom thumbnail for an item
* Determine if a custom uploaded thumbnail exists

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$select` [OData query parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

Additionally, this method supports retrieving the thumbnail with the original orientation EXIF value and without the applied rotation by appending the `originalOrientation=true` query parameter.
This is currently only supported on OneDrive Personal.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) objects in the response body.

## Example

Here is an example of the request which retrieves available thumbnails for an item in the current user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "enum-item-thumbnails", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/enum-item-thumbnails-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/enum-item-thumbnails-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/enum-item-thumbnails-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/enum-item-thumbnails-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/enum-item-thumbnails-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/enum-item-thumbnails-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/enum-item-thumbnails-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/enum-item-thumbnails-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

This returns an array of available **thumbnailSets** for the item. 
Any item in a drive can have zero or more thumbnails.

**Note:** You can use the _select_ query string parameter to control which thumbnail sizes are returned in the **ThumbnailSet**.
For example, `/thumbnails?select=medium` retrieves only the medium sized thumbnails.


### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.thumbnailSet)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "0",
      "small": { "height": 64, "width": 96, "url": "https://sn3302files..."},
      "medium": { "height": 117, "width": 176, "url": "https://sn3302files..."},
      "large": { "height": 533, "width": 800, "url": "https://sn3302files..."}
    }
  ]
}
```

## Get a single thumbnail

Retrieve the metadata for a single thumbnail and size by addressing it directly in a request.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-one-thumbnail", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails/{thumb-id}/{size}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-one-thumbnail-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-one-thumbnail-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Path parameters

| Name         | Type   | Description                                                                              |
|:-------------|:-------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **item-id**  | string | The unique identifier for the item referenced.                                           |
| **thumb-id** | number | The index of the thumbnail, usually 0-4. If there is a custom thumbnail, its index is 0. |
| **size**     | string | The size of the thumbnail requested. This can be one of the standard sizes listed below or a custom size. |

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.thumbnail" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "width": 100,
  "height": 100,
  "url": "https://onedrive.com/asd123a/asdjlkasjdkasdjlk.jpg"
}
```

## Retrieve thumbnail binary content

You can directly retrieve the content of the thumbnail by requesting the **content** property of the thumbnail.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name":"get-thumbnail-content", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails/{thumb-id}/{size}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The service responds with a redirect to the thumbnail URL.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

Thumbnail URLs are cache-safe. The URL will change, if the item changes in a way that requires a new thumbnail to be generated.


## Getting thumbnails while listing DriveItems

If you are retrieving a list of DriveItem resources to display, you can use the _$expand_ query string parameter to also include the thumbnails for those resources.
This enables your app to retrieve thumbnails and items in a single request, instead of issuing many requests.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name":"get-thumbnail-while-listing", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/children?$expand=thumbnails
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-thumbnail-while-listing-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-thumbnail-while-listing-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-thumbnail-while-listing-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-while-listing-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-while-listing-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-thumbnail-while-listing-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-thumbnail-while-listing-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-thumbnail-while-listing-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The service responses with the list of DriveItems and their thumbnails.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "182331E8-2788-4932-B52A-A6550577043F",
      "name": "my photo.jpg",
      "thumbnails": [
        {
          "small": { "width": 96,
                     "height": 96,
                     "url": "https://sn3302files..."
                   }
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "id": "2D223953-A56B-4D9B-ADF3-13E7820673A2",
      "name": "presentation.pptx",
      "thumbnails": [
        {
          "small": { "width": 96,
                     "height": 96,
                     "url": "https://sn3302files..."
                   }
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Size options

This table defines the possible thumbnail sizes.
While you can request any arbitrary thumbnail size, the defined values are likely to exist and return a value quickly:

| Name           | Resolution  | Aspect Ratio | Description                                                          |
|:---------------|:------------|:-------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `small`        | 96 longest  | Original     | Small, highly compressed thumbnail cropped to a square aspect ratio. |
| `medium`       | 176 longest | Original     | Cropped to the standard item size for the OneDrive web view.         |
| `large`        | 800 longest | Original     | Thumbnail with the longest edge resized to 800 pixels.               |
| `smallSquare`  | 96x96       | Square Crop  | Small square thumbnail                                               |
| `mediumSquare` | 176x176     | Square Crop  | Small square thumbnail                                               |
| `largeSquare`  | 800x800     | Square Crop  | Large square thumbnail                                               |

## Requesting custom thumbnail sizes

In addition to the defined sizes, your app can request a custom thumbnail size by specifying the dimensions of the thumbnail prefixed with `c`.
For example if your app needs thumbnails that are 300x400, it can request that size like this:


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-thumbnail-custom-size", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails?select=c300x400_crop
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-thumbnail-custom-size-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-thumbnail-custom-size-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-thumbnail-custom-size-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-custom-size-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-custom-size-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-thumbnail-custom-size-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-thumbnail-custom-size-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-thumbnail-custom-size-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

Which responds with just the custom thumbnail size selected:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.thumbnailSet)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "0",
      "c300x400_crop": { "height": 300, "width": 400, "url": "https://sn3302files.onedrive.com/123"},
    }
  ]
}
```

You can specify the following options after the size of the thumbnail requested:

### Examples of custom identifiers

| Thumbnail identifier | Resolution             | Aspect ratio | Description                                                                                                                                         |
|:---------------------|:-----------------------|:-------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| c300x400             | Bounded by 300x400 box | Original     | Generate a thumbnail that fits inside a 300x400 pixel box, maintaining aspect ratio                                                                 |
| c300x400_crop        | 300x400                | Cropped      | Generate a thumbnail that is 300x400 pixels. This works by resizing the image to fill the 300x400 box and cropping whatever spills outside the box. |

**Note:** The thumbnail returned may not exactly match the pixel dimensions that was requested, but will match the aspect ratio.
In some cases, a larger thumbnail may be returned than was requested, if the thumbnail already exists and can easily be scaled to match the requested resolution.

## Remarks

**Note** In OneDrive for Business and SharePoint:

Using these calls to expand the thumbnails collection will not work:

* `GET /drive/root:/{item-path}?expand=children(expand=thumbnails)`
* `GET /drive/items/{item-id}/children?expand=thumbnails`

Thumbnails are not supported on SharePoint Server 2016.

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get metadata and content for thumbnails of multiple sizes for OneDrive items.",
  "keywords": "thumbnail,content,download,sizes",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
  ],
  "tocPath": "Items/Thumbnails"
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-list-thumbnails.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Retrieve thumbnails for a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Retrieve a collection of ThumbnailSet resources for a DriveItem resource."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List thumbnails for a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Retrieve a collection of [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) resources for a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource.

A DriveItem can be represented by zero or more [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) resources.
Each **thumbnailSet** can have one or more [**thumbnail**](../resources/thumbnail.md) objects, which are images that represent the item.
For example, a **thumbnailSet** may include **thumbnail** objects, such as common ones including `small`, `medium`, or `large`.

There are many ways to work with thumbnails on OneDrive.
Here are the most common ones:

* Enumerate available thumbnails for an item
* Retrieve a single thumbnail for an item
* Retrieve thumbnail content
* Retrieve thumbnails for multiple items in a single request
* Retrieve custom thumbnail sizes
* Upload a custom thumbnail for an item
* Determine if a custom uploaded thumbnail exists

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_list_thumbnails" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-list-thumbnails-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$select` [OData query parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

Additionally, this method supports retrieving the thumbnail with the original orientation EXIF value and without the applied rotation by appending the `originalOrientation=true` query parameter.
This is currently only supported on OneDrive Personal.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [ThumbnailSet](../resources/thumbnailset.md) objects in the response body.

## Example

Here is an example of the request which retrieves available thumbnails for an item in the current user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "enum-item-thumbnails", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/enum-item-thumbnails-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/enum-item-thumbnails-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/enum-item-thumbnails-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/enum-item-thumbnails-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/enum-item-thumbnails-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/enum-item-thumbnails-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/enum-item-thumbnails-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/enum-item-thumbnails-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

This returns an array of available **thumbnailSets** for the item. 
Any item in a drive can have zero or more thumbnails.

**Note:** You can use the _select_ query string parameter to control which thumbnail sizes are returned in the **ThumbnailSet**.
For example, `/thumbnails?select=medium` retrieves only the medium sized thumbnails.


### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.thumbnailSet)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "0",
      "small": { "height": 64, "width": 96, "url": "https://sn3302files..."},
      "medium": { "height": 117, "width": 176, "url": "https://sn3302files..."},
      "large": { "height": 533, "width": 800, "url": "https://sn3302files..."}
    }
  ]
}
```

## Get a single thumbnail

Retrieve the metadata for a single thumbnail and size by addressing it directly in a request.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-one-thumbnail", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails/{thumb-id}/{size}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-one-thumbnail-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-one-thumbnail-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Path parameters

| Name         | Type   | Description                                                                              |
|:-------------|:-------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **item-id**  | string | The unique identifier for the item referenced.                                           |
| **thumb-id** | number | The index of the thumbnail, usually 0-4. If there is a custom thumbnail, its index is 0. |
| **size**     | string | The size of the thumbnail requested. This can be one of the standard sizes listed below or a custom size. |

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.thumbnail" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "width": 100,
  "height": 100,
  "url": "https://onedrive.com/asd123a/asdjlkasjdkasdjlk.jpg"
}
```

## Retrieve thumbnail binary content

You can directly retrieve the content of the thumbnail by requesting the **content** property of the thumbnail.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name":"get-thumbnail-content", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails/{thumb-id}/{size}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [snippet-not-available](../includes/snippets/snippet-not-available.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The service responds with a redirect to the thumbnail URL.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

Thumbnail URLs are cache-safe. The URL will change, if the item changes in a way that requires a new thumbnail to be generated.


## Getting thumbnails while listing DriveItems

If you are retrieving a list of DriveItem resources to display, you can use the _$expand_ query string parameter to also include the thumbnails for those resources.
This enables your app to retrieve thumbnails and items in a single request, instead of issuing many requests.

### HTTP request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name":"get-thumbnail-while-listing", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/children?$expand=thumbnails
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-thumbnail-while-listing-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-thumbnail-while-listing-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-thumbnail-while-listing-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-while-listing-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-while-listing-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-thumbnail-while-listing-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-thumbnail-while-listing-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-thumbnail-while-listing-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The service responses with the list of DriveItems and their thumbnails.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "182331E8-2788-4932-B52A-A6550577043F",
      "name": "my photo.jpg",
      "thumbnails": [
        {
          "small": { "width": 96,
                     "height": 96,
                     "url": "https://sn3302files..."
                   }
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "id": "2D223953-A56B-4D9B-ADF3-13E7820673A2",
      "name": "presentation.pptx",
      "thumbnails": [
        {
          "small": { "width": 96,
                     "height": 96,
                     "url": "https://sn3302files..."
                   }
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Size options

This table defines the possible thumbnail sizes.
While you can request any arbitrary thumbnail size, the defined values are likely to exist and return a value quickly:

| Name           | Resolution  | Aspect Ratio | Description                                                          |
|:---------------|:------------|:-------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `small`        | 96 longest  | Original     | Small, highly compressed thumbnail cropped to a square aspect ratio. |
| `medium`       | 176 longest | Original     | Cropped to the standard item size for the OneDrive web view.         |
| `large`        | 800 longest | Original     | Thumbnail with the longest edge resized to 800 pixels.               |
| `smallSquare`  | 96x96       | Square Crop  | Small square thumbnail                                               |
| `mediumSquare` | 176x176     | Square Crop  | Small square thumbnail                                               |
| `largeSquare`  | 800x800     | Square Crop  | Large square thumbnail                                               |

## Requesting custom thumbnail sizes

In addition to the defined sizes, your app can request a custom thumbnail size by specifying the dimensions of the thumbnail prefixed with `c`.
For example if your app needs thumbnails that are 300x400, it can request that size like this:


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-thumbnail-custom-size", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/thumbnails?select=c300x400_crop
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-thumbnail-custom-size-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-thumbnail-custom-size-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-thumbnail-custom-size-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-thumbnail-custom-size-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-thumbnail-custom-size-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-thumbnail-custom-size-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-thumbnail-custom-size-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-thumbnail-custom-size-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

Which responds with just the custom thumbnail size selected:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.thumbnailSet)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "0",
      "c300x400_crop": { "height": 300, "width": 400, "url": "https://sn3302files.onedrive.com/123"},
    }
  ]
}
```

You can specify the following options after the size of the thumbnail requested:

### Examples of custom identifiers

| Thumbnail identifier | Resolution             | Aspect ratio | Description                                                                                                                                         |
|:---------------------|:-----------------------|:-------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| c300x400             | Bounded by 300x400 box | Original     | Generate a thumbnail that fits inside a 300x400 pixel box, maintaining aspect ratio                                                                 |
| c300x400_crop        | 300x400                | Cropped      | Generate a thumbnail that is 300x400 pixels. This works by resizing the image to fill the 300x400 box and cropping whatever spills outside the box. |

**Note:** The thumbnail returned may not exactly match the pixel dimensions that was requested, but will match the aspect ratio.
In some cases, a larger thumbnail may be returned than was requested, if the thumbnail already exists and can easily be scaled to match the requested resolution.

## Remarks

**Note** In OneDrive for Business and SharePoint:

Using these calls to expand the thumbnails collection will not work:

* `GET /drive/root:/{item-path}?expand=children(expand=thumbnails)`
* `GET /drive/items/{item-id}/children?expand=thumbnails`

Thumbnails are not supported on SharePoint Server 2016.

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get metadata and content for thumbnails of multiple sizes for OneDrive items.",
  "keywords": "thumbnail,content,download,sizes",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
  ],
  "tocPath": "Items/Thumbnails"
} -->
