api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-follow.md, before:

---
author: learafa
description: "Follow a driveItem."
title: Follow drive item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Follow drive item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Follow a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

>**Note:** To unfollow an item, see [Unfollow item](driveitem-unfollow.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
```

## Request body

No request body is required.

## Response

This method returns a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) for the item being followed.

## Example

This example follows an item identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "follow-item", "scopes": "files.read", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/follow-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/follow-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/follow-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/follow-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/follow-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/follow-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/follow-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/follow-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Follow an item.",
  "keywords": "follow item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Follow",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "1312abc!1231",
  "name": "March Proposal.docx",
  "size": 19121,
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
}
```

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-follow.md, after:

---
author: learafa
description: "Follow a driveItem."
title: Follow drive item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Follow drive item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Follow a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

>**Note:** To unfollow an item, see [Unfollow item](driveitem-unfollow.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_follow" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-follow-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
```

## Request body

No request body is required.

## Response

This method returns a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) for the item being followed.

## Example

This example follows an item identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "follow-item", "scopes": "files.read", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/follow
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/follow-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/follow-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/follow-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/follow-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/follow-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/follow-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/follow-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/follow-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Follow an item.",
  "keywords": "follow item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Follow",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "1312abc!1231",
  "name": "March Proposal.docx",
  "size": 19121,
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
}
```
