api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitemversion-restore.md, before:

---
title: "Restore a previous version of a DriveItem"
description: "Restore a previous version of a DriveItem to be the current version. This will create a new version with the contents of the previous version, but preserves all existing versions of the file."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Restore a previous version of a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Restore a previous version of a DriveItem to be the current version. This will create a new version with the contents of the previous version, but preserves all existing versions of the file.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{driveId}/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /groups/{groupId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
```

### Request body

No request body is required.

## Example

This example restores a version of a file identified by `{item-id}` and `{version-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "restore-item-version", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/restore-item-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/restore-item-version-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/restore-item-version-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/restore-item-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/restore-item-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/restore-item-version-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/restore-item-version-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/restore-item-version-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

## Response

If successful, the API call returns a `204 No Content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a copy of an existing item.",
  "keywords": "copy existing item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Copy",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitemversion-restore.md, after:

---
title: "Restore a previous version of a DriveItem"
description: "Restore a previous version of a DriveItem to be the current version. This will create a new version with the contents of the previous version, but preserves all existing versions of the file."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Restore a previous version of a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Restore a previous version of a DriveItem to be the current version. This will create a new version with the contents of the previous version, but preserves all existing versions of the file.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitemversion_restore" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitemversion-restore-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{driveId}/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /groups/{groupId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
```

### Request body

No request body is required.

## Example

This example restores a version of a file identified by `{item-id}` and `{version-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "restore-item-version", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/restoreVersion
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/restore-item-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/restore-item-version-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/restore-item-version-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/restore-item-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/restore-item-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/restore-item-version-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/restore-item-version-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/restore-item-version-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

## Response

If successful, the API call returns a `204 No Content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a copy of an existing item.",
  "keywords": "copy existing item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Copy",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
