api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-move.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Move a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "To move a DriveItem to a new parent item, your app requests to update the parentReference of the DriveItem to move."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Move a DriveItem to a new folder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

To move a DriveItem to a new parent item, your app requests to update the **parentReference** of the DriveItem to move.

This is a special case of the [Update](driveitem-update.md) method.
Your app can combine moving an item to a new container and updating other properties of the item into a single request.

Items cannot be moved between [Drives](../resources/drive.md) using this request.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                         |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current eTag on the folder, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the new value for the **parentReference** property.
Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

**Note:** When moving items to the root of a drive your app cannot use the `"id:" "root"` syntax.
Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

This example moves an item specified by {item-id} into a folder in the user's drive with the ID `new-parent-folder-id`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "move-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "parentReference": {
    "id": "{new-parent-folder-id}"
  },
  "name": "new-item-name.txt"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/move-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/move-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/move-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/move-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/move-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/move-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/move-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/move-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following example shows the response for this move request.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "0123456789abc",
  "name": "new-item-name.txt",
  "parentReference":
  {
    "driveId": "11231001",
    "path": "/drive/root:/Documents",
    "id": "1231203102!1011"
  }
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Move an item to another location or rename the item.",
  "keywords": "move,rename,mv,change location",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Move",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-move.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Move a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "To move a DriveItem to a new parent item, your app requests to update the parentReference of the DriveItem to move."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Move a DriveItem to a new folder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

To move a DriveItem to a new parent item, your app requests to update the **parentReference** of the DriveItem to move.

This is a special case of the [Update](driveitem-update.md) method.
Your app can combine moving an item to a new container and updating other properties of the item into a single request.

Items cannot be moved between [Drives](../resources/drive.md) using this request.

## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_move" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-move-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                         |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current eTag on the folder, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the new value for the **parentReference** property.
Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

**Note:** When moving items to the root of a drive your app cannot use the `"id:" "root"` syntax.
Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

This example moves an item specified by {item-id} into a folder in the user's drive with the ID `new-parent-folder-id`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "move-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "parentReference": {
    "id": "{new-parent-folder-id}"
  },
  "name": "new-item-name.txt"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/move-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/move-item-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/move-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/move-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/move-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/move-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/move-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/move-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following example shows the response for this move request.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "0123456789abc",
  "name": "new-item-name.txt",
  "parentReference":
  {
    "driveId": "11231001",
    "path": "/drive/root:/Documents",
    "id": "1231203102!1011"
  }
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Move an item to another location or rename the item.",
  "keywords": "move,rename,mv,change location",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Move",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
