api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-search.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 07/07/2020
title: Search for files
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Search the hierarchy of items for items matching a query."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Search for DriveItems within a drive

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Search the hierarchy of items for items matching a query.
You can search within a folder hierarchy, a whole drive, or files shared with the current user.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

>**Note:** This method does not support the Sites.Selected application permission.

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /me/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand`, `$select`, `$skipToken`, `$top`, and `$orderby` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Function parameters

| Parameter | Type  | Description                                                                                                                          |
|:-----|:-------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| q  | string | The query text used to search for items. Values may be matched across several fields including filename, metadata, and file content. |

## Example

### Request

The following example searches for a match for "Contoso Project" across several fields in the signed-in user's drive items.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "item_search", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/search(q='Contoso Project')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/item-search-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/item-search-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/item-search-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/item-search-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/item-search-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/item-search-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/item-search-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

This method returns an object containing an collection of [DriveItems](../resources/driveitem.md) that match the search criteria.
If no items were found, an empty collection is returned.

If there are too many matches the response will be paged and an **\@odata.nextLink** property will contain a URL to the next page of results.
You can use the `$top` query parameter to specify the number of items in the page.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!123",
        "name": "Contoso Project",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!123" }
      },
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!456",
        "name": "Contoso Project 2016",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!456" }
      }
    ],
    "@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/search(query='contoso project')&skipToken=1asdlnjnkj1nalkm!asd"
}
```

## Searching for items a user can access

In addition to searching for items within a drive, your app can search more broadly to include items shared with the current user.
To broaden the search scope, use the **search** method on the [Drive](../resources/drive.md) resource.

### Example


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "item_search_all", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/search(q='Contoso Project')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/item-search-all-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/item-search-all-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/item-search-all-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/item-search-all-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/item-search-all-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/item-search-all-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/item-search-all-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Responses when searching from the **drive** resource may include items outside of the drive (items shared with the current user).
These items will include the [**remoteItem**](../resources/remoteitem.md) facet to indicate they are stored outside of the target drive. 

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": true, "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!123",
        "name": "Contoso Project",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!123" },
        "remoteItem": { "id": "!23141901", "parentReference": { "driveId": "s!1020101jlkjl12lx" } }
      },
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!456",
        "name": "Contoso Project 2016",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!456" }
      }
    ],
    "@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/search(query='contoso project')&skipToken=1asdlnjnkj1nalkm!asd"
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more information about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[odata-query-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Search for a file across a OneDrive.",
  "keywords": "search,query,bing,filename,content",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Search",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-search.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 07/07/2020
title: Search for files
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Search the hierarchy of items for items matching a query."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Search for DriveItems within a drive

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Search the hierarchy of items for items matching a query.
You can search within a folder hierarchy, a whole drive, or files shared with the current user.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_search" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-search-permissions.md)]

>**Note:** This method does not support the Sites.Selected application permission.

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /me/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/root/search(q='{search-text}')
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand`, `$select`, `$skipToken`, `$top`, and `$orderby` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Function parameters

| Parameter | Type  | Description                                                                                                                          |
|:-----|:-------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| q  | string | The query text used to search for items. Values may be matched across several fields including filename, metadata, and file content. |

## Example

### Request

The following example searches for a match for "Contoso Project" across several fields in the signed-in user's drive items.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "item_search", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/search(q='Contoso Project')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/item-search-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/item-search-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/item-search-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/item-search-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/item-search-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/item-search-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/item-search-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

This method returns an object containing an collection of [DriveItems](../resources/driveitem.md) that match the search criteria.
If no items were found, an empty collection is returned.

If there are too many matches the response will be paged and an **\@odata.nextLink** property will contain a URL to the next page of results.
You can use the `$top` query parameter to specify the number of items in the page.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!123",
        "name": "Contoso Project",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!123" }
      },
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!456",
        "name": "Contoso Project 2016",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!456" }
      }
    ],
    "@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/search(query='contoso project')&skipToken=1asdlnjnkj1nalkm!asd"
}
```

## Searching for items a user can access

In addition to searching for items within a drive, your app can search more broadly to include items shared with the current user.
To broaden the search scope, use the **search** method on the [Drive](../resources/drive.md) resource.

### Example


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "item_search_all", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/search(q='Contoso Project')
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/item-search-all-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/item-search-all-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/item-search-all-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/item-search-all-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/item-search-all-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/item-search-all-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/item-search-all-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

Responses when searching from the **drive** resource may include items outside of the drive (items shared with the current user).
These items will include the [**remoteItem**](../resources/remoteitem.md) facet to indicate they are stored outside of the target drive. 

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": true, "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!123",
        "name": "Contoso Project",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!123" },
        "remoteItem": { "id": "!23141901", "parentReference": { "driveId": "s!1020101jlkjl12lx" } }
      },
      {
        "id": "0123456789abc!456",
        "name": "Contoso Project 2016",
        "folder": {},
        "searchResult": { "onClickTelemetryUrl": "https://bing.com/0123456789abc!456" }
      }
    ],
    "@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/search(query='contoso project')&skipToken=1asdlnjnkj1nalkm!asd"
}
```

## Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more information about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[odata-query-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Search for a file across a OneDrive.",
  "keywords": "search,query,bing,filename,content",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Search",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
