api-reference/v1.0/api/itemanalytics-get.md, before:

---
author: daspek
title: Get itemAnalytics
description: Get itemAnalytics about the views that took place under this resource.
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Get itemAnalytics

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Get [itemAnalytics][] about the views that took place under this resource.
The **itemAnalytics** resource is a convenient way to get activity stats for `allTime` and the `lastSevenDays`.
For a custom time range or interval, use the [getActivitiesByInterval][] API.

>**Note:** The **itemAnalytics** resource is not yet available in all [national deployments](/graph/deployments).

[itemAnalytics]: ../resources/itemanalytics.md
[getActivitiesByInterval]: ../api/itemactivitystat-getactivitybyinterval.md

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:--------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.|
|Application                            | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /sites/{site-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
GET /sites/{site-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}. Required.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response 

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [itemAnalytics][] objects in the response body. 

## Example

### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-analytics" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-analytics-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-analytics-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-analytics-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-analytics-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-analytics-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-analytics-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-analytics-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-analytics-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@type": "microsoft.graph.itemAnalytics", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "allTime": {
        "access": {
            "actionCount": 123,
            "actorCount": 89
        }
    }
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "BaseItem/Get analytics",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/itemanalytics-get.md, after:

---
author: daspek
title: Get itemAnalytics
description: Get itemAnalytics about the views that took place under this resource.
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Get itemAnalytics

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Get [itemAnalytics][] about the views that took place under this resource.
The **itemAnalytics** resource is a convenient way to get activity stats for `allTime` and the `lastSevenDays`.
For a custom time range or interval, use the [getActivitiesByInterval][] API.

>**Note:** The **itemAnalytics** resource is not yet available in all [national deployments](/graph/deployments).

[itemAnalytics]: ../resources/itemanalytics.md
[getActivitiesByInterval]: ../api/itemactivitystat-getactivitybyinterval.md

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "itemanalytics_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/itemanalytics-get-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /sites/{site-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
GET /sites/{site-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/lastSevenDays
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}. Required.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response 

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [itemAnalytics][] objects in the response body. 

## Example

### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-analytics" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/analytics/allTime
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-analytics-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-analytics-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-analytics-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-analytics-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-analytics-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-analytics-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-analytics-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-analytics-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@type": "microsoft.graph.itemAnalytics", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "allTime": {
        "access": {
            "actionCount": 123,
            "actorCount": 89
        }
    }
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "BaseItem/Get analytics",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
