api-reference/v1.0/api/permission-delete.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Remove access to an item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
description: "Remove access to a DriveItem."
ms.prod: files
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Delete a sharing permission from a file or folder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Remove access to a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

Only sharing permissions that are **not** inherited can be deleted.
The **inheritedFrom** property must be `null`.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | string | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code.

## Example

This example removes the permission identified as {perm-id} from the item {item-id} in the current user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "delete-permission-1", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-permission-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/delete-permission-1-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/delete-permission-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-permission-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-permission-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/delete-permission-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/delete-permission-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/delete-permission-1-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": false } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

## Remarks

* [Drives](../resources/drive.md) with a **driveType** of `personal` (OneDrive Personal) cannot create or modify permissions on the root DriveItem. 

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Remove an item's sharing permissions",
  "keywords": "permission, permissions, sharing, remove permissions, delete permissions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Remove permissions",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/permission-delete.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Remove access to an item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
description: "Remove access to a DriveItem."
ms.prod: files
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Delete a sharing permission from a file or folder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Remove access to a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

Only sharing permissions that are **not** inherited can be deleted.
The **inheritedFrom** property must be `null`.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "permission_delete" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/permission-delete-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
DELETE /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | string | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Response

If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code.

## Example

This example removes the permission identified as {perm-id} from the item {item-id} in the current user's OneDrive.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "delete-permission-1", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" }-->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-permission-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/delete-permission-1-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/delete-permission-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-permission-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-permission-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/delete-permission-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/delete-permission-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/delete-permission-1-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "truncated": false } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

## Remarks

* [Drives](../resources/drive.md) with a **driveType** of `personal` (OneDrive Personal) cannot create or modify permissions on the root DriveItem. 

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Remove an item's sharing permissions",
  "keywords": "permission, permissions, sharing, remove permissions, delete permissions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Remove permissions",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
