api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeborder-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update rangeborder"
description: "Update the properties of rangeborder object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangeborder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of rangeborder object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|color|string|HTML color code representing the color of the border line, of the form #RRGGBB (e.g. "FFA500") or as a named HTML color (e.g. "orange").|
|style|string|One of the constants of line style specifying the line style for the border. The possible values are: `None`, `Continuous`, `Dash`, `DashDot`, `DashDotDot`, `Dot`, `Double`, `SlantDashDot`.|
|weight|string|Specifies the weight of the border around a range. The possible values are: `Hairline`, `Thin`, `Medium`, `Thick`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [WorkbookRangeBorder](../resources/rangeborder.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeborder"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "color-value",
  "style": "style-value",
  "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
  "weight": "weight-value"
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeborder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeborder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeBorder"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "color": "color-value",
  "style": "style-value",
  "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
  "weight": "weight-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangeborder",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeborder-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update rangeborder"
description: "Update the properties of rangeborder object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangeborder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of rangeborder object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "rangeborder_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/rangeborder-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|color|string|HTML color code representing the color of the border line, of the form #RRGGBB (e.g. "FFA500") or as a named HTML color (e.g. "orange").|
|style|string|One of the constants of line style specifying the line style for the border. The possible values are: `None`, `Continuous`, `Dash`, `DashDot`, `DashDotDot`, `Dot`, `Double`, `SlantDashDot`.|
|weight|string|Specifies the weight of the border around a range. The possible values are: `Hairline`, `Thin`, `Medium`, `Thick`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [WorkbookRangeBorder](../resources/rangeborder.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeborder"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders/{sideIndex}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "color-value",
  "style": "style-value",
  "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
  "weight": "weight-value"
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeborder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeborder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeBorder"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "color": "color-value",
  "style": "style-value",
  "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
  "weight": "weight-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangeborder",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
