api-reference/v1.0/api/range-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update range"
description: "Update the properties of range object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update range

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of range object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|columnHidden|boolean|Represents if all columns of the current range are hidden.|
|formulas|Json|Represents the formula in A1-style notation.|
|formulasLocal|Json|Represents the formula in A1-style notation, in the user's language and number-formatting locale.  For example, the English "=SUM(A1, 1.5)" formula would become "=SUMME(A1; 1,5)" in German.|
|formulasR1C1|Json|Represents the formula in R1C1-style notation.|
|numberFormat|Json|Represents Excel's number format code for the given cell.|
|rowHidden|boolean|Represents if all rows of the current range are hidden.|
|values|Json|Represents the raw values of the specified range. The data returned could be of type string, number, or a boolean. Cell that contain an error will return the error string.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request. It updates a range - values, number-format and formula. The `null` input is to instruct the API to ignore the cell for that particular input. The values, number-format and formulas can be independently updated or combined together in the same API call. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_range"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='A1:B2')
Content-type: application/json

{
"values" : [["Hello", "100"],["1/1/2016", null]],
"formulas" : [[null, null], [null, "=B1*2"]],
"numberFormat" : [[null,null], ["m-ddd", null]]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-range-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update range",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/range-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update range"
description: "Update the properties of range object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update range

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of range object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "range_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/range-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|columnHidden|boolean|Represents if all columns of the current range are hidden.|
|formulas|Json|Represents the formula in A1-style notation.|
|formulasLocal|Json|Represents the formula in A1-style notation, in the user's language and number-formatting locale.  For example, the English "=SUM(A1, 1.5)" formula would become "=SUMME(A1; 1,5)" in German.|
|formulasR1C1|Json|Represents the formula in R1C1-style notation.|
|numberFormat|Json|Represents Excel's number format code for the given cell.|
|rowHidden|boolean|Represents if all rows of the current range are hidden.|
|values|Json|Represents the raw values of the specified range. The data returned could be of type string, number, or a boolean. Cell that contain an error will return the error string.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request. It updates a range - values, number-format and formula. The `null` input is to instruct the API to ignore the cell for that particular input. The values, number-format and formulas can be independently updated or combined together in the same API call. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_range"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='A1:B2')
Content-type: application/json

{
"values" : [["Hello", "100"],["1/1/2016", null]],
"formulas" : [[null, null], [null, "=B1*2"]],
"numberFormat" : [[null,null], ["m-ddd", null]]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-range-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update range",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
