api-reference/v1.0/api/range-offsetrange.md, before:

---
title: "Range: OffsetRange"
description: "Gets an object which represents a range that's offset from the specified range. The dimension of the returned range will match this range. If the resulting range is forced outside the bounds of the worksheet grid, an exception will be thrown."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: OffsetRange

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Gets an object which represents a range that's offset from the specified range. The dimension of the returned range will match this range. If the resulting range is forced outside the bounds of the worksheet grid, an exception will be thrown.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/offsetRange

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|rowOffset|Int32|The number of rows (positive, negative, or 0) by which the range is to be offset. Positive values are offset downward, and negative values are offset upward.|
|columnOffset|Int32|The number of columns (positive, negative, or 0) by which the range is to be offset. Positive values are offset to the right, and negative values are offset to the left.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "isComposable": true,
  "name": "range_offsetrange"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
Content-type: application/json

{
  "rowOffset": 3,
  "columnOffset": 5
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: OffsetRange",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/range-offsetrange.md, after:

---
title: "Range: OffsetRange"
description: "Gets an object which represents a range that's offset from the specified range. The dimension of the returned range will match this range. If the resulting range is forced outside the bounds of the worksheet grid, an exception will be thrown."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: OffsetRange

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Gets an object which represents a range that's offset from the specified range. The dimension of the returned range will match this range. If the resulting range is forced outside the bounds of the worksheet grid, an exception will be thrown.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "range_offsetrange" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/range-offsetrange-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/offsetRange
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/offsetRange

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|rowOffset|Int32|The number of rows (positive, negative, or 0) by which the range is to be offset. Positive values are offset downward, and negative values are offset upward.|
|columnOffset|Int32|The number of columns (positive, negative, or 0) by which the range is to be offset. Positive values are offset to the right, and negative values are offset to the left.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "isComposable": true,
  "name": "range_offsetrange"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/offsetRange
Content-type: application/json

{
  "rowOffset": 3,
  "columnOffset": 5
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: OffsetRange",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
