api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeborder-list.md, before:

---
title: "List RangeBorderCollection"
description: "Retrieve a list of rangeborder objects."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List RangeBorderCollection

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of rangeborder objects.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [WorkbookRangeBorder](../resources/rangeborder.md) objects in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_rangebordercollection"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-rangebordercollection-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-rangebordercollection-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeBorder",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "id-value",
      "color": "color-value",
      "style": "style-value",
      "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
      "weight": "weight-value"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List RangeBorderCollection",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeborder-list.md, after:

---
title: "List RangeBorderCollection"
description: "Retrieve a list of rangeborder objects."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List RangeBorderCollection

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of rangeborder objects.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "rangeborder_list" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/rangeborder-list-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/borders
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/borders
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [WorkbookRangeBorder](../resources/rangeborder.md) objects in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_rangebordercollection"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/borders
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-rangebordercollection-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-rangebordercollection-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeBorder",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "id-value",
      "color": "color-value",
      "style": "style-value",
      "sideIndex": "sideIndex-value",
      "weight": "weight-value"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List RangeBorderCollection",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
