api-reference/v1.0/api/range-row.md, before:

---
title: "Range: Row"
description: "Gets a row contained in the range."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: Row

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Gets a row contained in the range.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/row
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/row

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|row|Int32|Row number of the range to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!--{
  "blockType": "request",
  "isComposable": true,
  "name": "range_row",
  "idempotent": true,
  "@type": "requestBodyResourceFor.range_row"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
Content-type: application/json

{
  "row": 2
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: Row",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/range-row.md, after:

---
title: "Range: Row"
description: "Gets a row contained in the range."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: Row

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Gets a row contained in the range.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "range_row" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/range-row-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/row
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/row
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/row

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|row|Int32|Row number of the range to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [Range](../resources/range.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!--{
  "blockType": "request",
  "isComposable": true,
  "name": "range_row",
  "idempotent": true,
  "@type": "requestBodyResourceFor.range_row"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/row
Content-type: application/json

{
  "row": 2
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: Row",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
