api-reference/v1.0/api/subscriptions-socketio.md, before:

---
author: daspek
title: "Get websocket endpoint"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a drive using socket.io."
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get websocket endpoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a [drive][] and [list][] using [socket.io][].
Socket.io is a popular notifications library for JavaScript that utilizes WebSockets. To learn more, see [socket.io](https://socket.io).

[drive]: ../resources/drive.md
[list]: ../resources/list.md
[socket.io]: https://socket.io/

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API.
To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All
| Application                            | Not supported.

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/list/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /groups/{groupId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /sites/{siteId}/lists/{listId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive_root_subscriptions_socketIo" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [subscription](../resources/subscription.md) object in the response body.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.subscription"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "opaqueId-fj3hd7yf283jfk193726nvc2w3i2diemdu8",
  "notificationUrl": "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523"
}
```

The `notificationUrl` returned is a socket.io endpoint URL.

The following example shows how to use the `notificationUrl` with socket.io in JavaScript.

```javascript
// this is the notificationUrl returned from this API
var notificationUrl = "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523";

// 'io' comes from the socket.io client library
var socket = io(notificationUrl);

// these examples log to the console.
// your app would provide its own callbacks
socket.on("connect", ()=>console.log("Connected!"));
socket.on("notification", (data)=>console.log("Notification!", data));
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/v1.0/api/subscriptions-socketio.md, after:

---
author: daspek
title: "Get websocket endpoint"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a drive using socket.io."
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get websocket endpoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a [drive][] and [list][] using [socket.io][].
Socket.io is a popular notifications library for JavaScript that utilizes WebSockets. To learn more, see [socket.io](https://socket.io).

[drive]: ../resources/drive.md
[list]: ../resources/list.md
[socket.io]: https://socket.io/

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "subscriptions_socketio" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/subscriptions-socketio-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/list/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /groups/{groupId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /sites/{siteId}/lists/{listId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive_root_subscriptions_socketIo" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [subscription](../resources/subscription.md) object in the response body.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.subscription"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "opaqueId-fj3hd7yf283jfk193726nvc2w3i2diemdu8",
  "notificationUrl": "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523"
}
```

The `notificationUrl` returned is a socket.io endpoint URL.

The following example shows how to use the `notificationUrl` with socket.io in JavaScript.

```javascript
// this is the notificationUrl returned from this API
var notificationUrl = "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523";

// 'io' comes from the socket.io client library
var socket = io(notificationUrl);

// these examples log to the console.
// your app would provide its own callbacks
socket.on("connect", ()=>console.log("Connected!"));
socket.on("notification", (data)=>console.log("Notification!", data));
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
