api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md, before:

---
title: "TableColumnCollection: add"
description: "Adds a new column to the table."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableColumnCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Adds a new column to the table.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|index|Int32|Specifies the relative position of the new column. The previous column at this position is shifted to the right. The index value should be equal to or less than the last column's index value, so it cannot be used to append a column at the end of the table. Zero-indexed.|
|values|Json|Optional. A 2-dimensional array of unformatted values of the table column.|
|name|string|name
## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookTableColumn](../resources/workbooktablecolumn.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablecolumncollection_add"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": 3,
  "values": [
    {
    }
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablecolumncollection-add-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/tablecolumncollection-add-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablecolumncollection-add-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablecolumncollection-add-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablecolumncollection-add-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablecolumncollection-add-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablecolumncollection-add-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTableColumn"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "index": 99,
  "values": "values-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableColumnCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
    "Warning: /api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md/tablecolumncollection_add/values:
      Inconsistent types between parameter (Object) and table (None)",
    "Error: /api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md/tablecolumncollection_add/values:
      Type mismatch between example and table. Parameter name: values; example type (Collection(Object)) is a collection, while the table description type (microsoft.graph.Json) is not."
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md, after:

---
title: "TableColumnCollection: add"
description: "Adds a new column to the table."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableColumnCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Adds a new column to the table.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "tablecolumncollection_add" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/tablecolumncollection-add-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|index|Int32|Specifies the relative position of the new column. The previous column at this position is shifted to the right. The index value should be equal to or less than the last column's index value, so it cannot be used to append a column at the end of the table. Zero-indexed.|
|values|Json|Optional. A 2-dimensional array of unformatted values of the table column.|
|name|string|name
## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookTableColumn](../resources/workbooktablecolumn.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablecolumncollection_add"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": 3,
  "values": [
    {
    }
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablecolumncollection-add-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/tablecolumncollection-add-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablecolumncollection-add-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablecolumncollection-add-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablecolumncollection-add-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablecolumncollection-add-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablecolumncollection-add-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTableColumn"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "index": 99,
  "values": "values-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableColumnCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
    "Warning: /api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md/tablecolumncollection_add/values:
      Inconsistent types between parameter (Object) and table (None)",
    "Error: /api-reference/v1.0/api/tablecolumncollection-add.md/tablecolumncollection_add/values:
      Type mismatch between example and table. Parameter name: values; example type (Collection(Object)) is a collection, while the table description type (microsoft.graph.Json) is not."
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
