api-reference/v1.0/api/workbookcomment-list-replies.md, before:

---
title: "List workbookCommentReplies"
description: "Retrieve a list of workbookcommentreply objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List workbookCommentReplies

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) objects.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_replies"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-replies-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-replies-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-replies-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-replies-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-replies-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-replies-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-replies-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookCommentReply",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "content": "This is the first piece of reply.",
      "contentType": "plain",
      "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFB8}" 
    },
    {
      "content": "This is the second piece of reply.",
      "contentType": "plain",
      "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFF9}"
     }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List replies",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/workbookcomment-list-replies.md, after:

---
title: "List workbookCommentReplies"
description: "Retrieve a list of workbookcommentreply objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List workbookCommentReplies

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) objects.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbookcomment_list_replies" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbookcomment-list-replies-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_replies"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-replies-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-replies-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-replies-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-replies-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-replies-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-replies-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-replies-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookCommentReply",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "content": "This is the first piece of reply.",
      "contentType": "plain",
      "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFB8}" 
    },
    {
      "content": "This is the second piece of reply.",
      "contentType": "plain",
      "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFF9}"
     }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List replies",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
