api-reference/beta/api/bundle-get.md, before:

---
author: "JeremyKelley"
title: "Get bundle"
description: "Get a bundle of driveItems."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get bundle

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the metadata for a [bundle][] based on the unique ID of the bundle.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Not supported.                             |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application          | Not supported.                                           |

## HTTP request

```http
GET /drive/bundles/{bundle-id}
GET /drive/items/{bundle-id}
```

Because bundles are items, you can use the **items** collection to return metadata about a bundle.
You can also use the **bundles** collection as a convenience to ensure you get a bundle in the response.

## Optional query parameters

You can use the [OData query parameters][odata-parameters] to restrict the shape of the objects returned from this call.

## Request headers
| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| if-none-match | eTag. Optional. If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, a `304 Not Modified` response is returned.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body with this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [driveItem][driveItem] object that contains the [bundle][bundle] in the response body.

For information about error responses, see [Microsoft Graph error responses and resource types][error-response].

## Examples

### Example 1: Get a bundle

#### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-bundle-metadata" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/bundles/{bundle-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bundle-metadata-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-bundle-metadata-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bundle-metadata-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bundle-metadata-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bundle-metadata-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bundle-metadata-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bundle-metadata-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-bundle-metadata-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "0123456789abc",
  "name": "My Photo Album Bundle",
  "eTag": "etag",
  "cTag": "etag",
  "createdBy": { "user": { "id": "1234", "displayName": "Ryan Gregg" } },
  "createdDateTime": "datetime",
  "lastModifiedBy": { "user": { "id": "1234", "displayName": "Ryan Gregg" } },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "datetime",
  "size": 1234,
  "webUrl": "http://onedrive.com/...",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 4,
     "album": { }
  }
}
```

### Example 2: Get a bundle and its children in a single call

Use the `expand` [query string parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to include the children of a bundle in the same request that retrieves the metadata of a bundle.

#### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-bundle-and-children" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/items/{bundle-id}?expand=children
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bundle-and-children-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-bundle-and-children-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bundle-and-children-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bundle-and-children-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bundle-and-children-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bundle-and-children-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bundle-and-children-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-bundle-and-children-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response. This call will return the bundle metadata and a list of children of the bundle.
If the bundle has no children, it will return an empty collection.

If the number of children in the bundle is greater than the default page size, the **children@odata.nextLink** property will be returned with a URL that can be
used to request the next page of children in the bundle.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "101230100alkc",
  "name": "My Cool Day at the Beach",
  "children": [
    { "id": "120100abab", "name": "image1.jpg", "file": {} },
    { "id": "120100abo1", "name": "image2.jpg", "file": {} }
  ],
  "children@odata.nextLink": "https://api.onedrive.com/v1.0/..."
}
```


[bundle]: ../resources/bundle.md
[driveItem]: ../resources/driveItem.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[odata-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve metadata about a bundle and its children in OneDrive",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,bundle,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Bundles/Get Bundle Metadata"
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/beta/api/bundle-get.md, after:

---
author: "JeremyKelley"
title: "Get bundle"
description: "Get a bundle of driveItems."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get bundle

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the metadata for a [bundle][] based on the unique ID of the bundle.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "bundle_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/bundle-get-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

```http
GET /drive/bundles/{bundle-id}
GET /drive/items/{bundle-id}
```

Because bundles are items, you can use the **items** collection to return metadata about a bundle.
You can also use the **bundles** collection as a convenience to ensure you get a bundle in the response.

## Optional query parameters

You can use the [OData query parameters][odata-parameters] to restrict the shape of the objects returned from this call.

## Request headers
| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| if-none-match | eTag. Optional. If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, a `304 Not Modified` response is returned.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body with this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [driveItem][driveItem] object that contains the [bundle][bundle] in the response body.

For information about error responses, see [Microsoft Graph error responses and resource types][error-response].

## Examples

### Example 1: Get a bundle

#### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-bundle-metadata" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/bundles/{bundle-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bundle-metadata-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-bundle-metadata-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bundle-metadata-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bundle-metadata-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bundle-metadata-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bundle-metadata-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bundle-metadata-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-bundle-metadata-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "0123456789abc",
  "name": "My Photo Album Bundle",
  "eTag": "etag",
  "cTag": "etag",
  "createdBy": { "user": { "id": "1234", "displayName": "Ryan Gregg" } },
  "createdDateTime": "datetime",
  "lastModifiedBy": { "user": { "id": "1234", "displayName": "Ryan Gregg" } },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "datetime",
  "size": 1234,
  "webUrl": "http://onedrive.com/...",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 4,
     "album": { }
  }
}
```

### Example 2: Get a bundle and its children in a single call

Use the `expand` [query string parameter](/graph/query-parameters) to include the children of a bundle in the same request that retrieves the metadata of a bundle.

#### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-bundle-and-children" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drive/items/{bundle-id}?expand=children
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bundle-and-children-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [CLI](#tab/cli)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/cli/get-bundle-and-children-cli-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bundle-and-children-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bundle-and-children-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bundle-and-children-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bundle-and-children-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bundle-and-children-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-bundle-and-children-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response. This call will return the bundle metadata and a list of children of the bundle.
If the bundle has no children, it will return an empty collection.

If the number of children in the bundle is greater than the default page size, the **children@odata.nextLink** property will be returned with a URL that can be
used to request the next page of children in the bundle.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "101230100alkc",
  "name": "My Cool Day at the Beach",
  "children": [
    { "id": "120100abab", "name": "image1.jpg", "file": {} },
    { "id": "120100abo1", "name": "image2.jpg", "file": {} }
  ],
  "children@odata.nextLink": "https://api.onedrive.com/v1.0/..."
}
```


[bundle]: ../resources/bundle.md
[driveItem]: ../resources/driveItem.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[odata-parameters]: /graph/query-parameters


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve metadata about a bundle and its children in OneDrive",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,bundle,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Bundles/Get Bundle Metadata"
} -->
