api-reference/beta/api/chartdatalabels-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update workbookChartDataLabels"
description: "Update the properties of workbookchartdatalabels object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update workbookChartDataLabels

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of chartdatalabels object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|position|string|DataLabelPosition value that represents the position of the data label. Possible values are: `None`, `Center`, `InsideEnd`, `InsideBase`, `OutsideEnd`, `Left`, `Right`, `Top`, `Bottom`, `BestFit`, `Callout`.|
|separator|string|String representing the separator used for the data labels on a chart.|
|showBubbleSize|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label bubble size is visible or not.|
|showCategoryName|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label category name is visible or not.|
|showLegendKey|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label legend key is visible or not.|
|showPercentage|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label percentage is visible or not.|
|showSeriesName|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label series name is visible or not.|
|showValue|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label value is visible or not.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookChartDataLabels](../resources/workbookchartdatalabels.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_chartdatalabels"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": "position-value",
  "showValue": true,
  "showSeriesName": true,
  "showCategoryName": true,
  "showLegendKey": true
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-chartdatalabels-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-chartdatalabels-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-chartdatalabels-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-chartdatalabels-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-chartdatalabels-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-chartdatalabels-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartDataLabels"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": "position-value",
  "showValue": true,
  "showSeriesName": true,
  "showCategoryName": true,
  "showLegendKey": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update chartdatalabels",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/chartdatalabels-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update workbookChartDataLabels"
description: "Update the properties of workbookchartdatalabels object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update workbookChartDataLabels

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of chartdatalabels object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "chartdatalabels_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/chartdatalabels-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|position|string|DataLabelPosition value that represents the position of the data label. Possible values are: `None`, `Center`, `InsideEnd`, `InsideBase`, `OutsideEnd`, `Left`, `Right`, `Top`, `Bottom`, `BestFit`, `Callout`.|
|separator|string|String representing the separator used for the data labels on a chart.|
|showBubbleSize|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label bubble size is visible or not.|
|showCategoryName|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label category name is visible or not.|
|showLegendKey|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label legend key is visible or not.|
|showPercentage|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label percentage is visible or not.|
|showSeriesName|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label series name is visible or not.|
|showValue|boolean|Boolean value representing if the data label value is visible or not.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookChartDataLabels](../resources/workbookchartdatalabels.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_chartdatalabels"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/dataLabels
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": "position-value",
  "showValue": true,
  "showSeriesName": true,
  "showCategoryName": true,
  "showLegendKey": true
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-chartdatalabels-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-chartdatalabels-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-chartdatalabels-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-chartdatalabels-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-chartdatalabels-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-chartdatalabels-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartDataLabels"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": "position-value",
  "showValue": true,
  "showSeriesName": true,
  "showCategoryName": true,
  "showLegendKey": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update chartdatalabels",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
