api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-get-content-format.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Use this API to retrieve the contents of an item in a specific format."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Convert to other formats
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download a file in another format

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Use this API to retrieve the contents of an item in a specific format.
Not all files can be converted into all formats.

To download the item in its original format, see [download an item's contents](driveitem-get-content.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All |
| Application                            | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drive/items/{item-id}/content?format={format}
GET /drive/root:/{path and filename}:/content?format={format}
```

## Query parameters

| Parameter      | Type  | Description                                                    |
|:----------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------|
| _format_  | string | Specify the format the item's content should be downloaded as. |

The following values are valid for the **format** parameter:

| Value | Description                        | Supported source extensions
|:------|:-----------------------------------|---------------------------------
| glb   | Converts the item into GLB format  | cool, fbx, obj, ply, stl, 3mf
| html  | Converts the item into HTML format | eml, md, msg
| jpg   | Converts the item into JPG format  | 3g2, 3gp, 3gp2, 3gpp, 3mf, ai, arw, asf, avi, bas, bash, bat, bmp, c, cbl, cmd, cool, cpp, cr2, crw, cs, css, csv, cur, dcm, dcm30, dic, dicm, dicom, dng, doc, docx, dwg, eml, epi, eps, epsf, epsi, epub, erf, fbx, fppx, gif, glb, h, hcp, heic, heif, htm, html, ico, icon, java, jfif, jpeg, jpg, js, json, key, log, m2ts, m4a, m4v, markdown, md, mef, mov, movie, mp3, mp4, mp4v, mrw, msg, mts, nef, nrw, numbers, obj, odp, odt, ogg, orf, pages, pano, pdf, pef, php, pict, pl, ply, png, pot, potm, potx, pps, ppsx, ppsxm, ppt, pptm, pptx, ps, ps1, psb, psd, py, raw, rb, rtf, rw1, rw2, sh, sketch, sql, sr2, stl, tif, tiff, ts, txt, vb, webm, wma, wmv, xaml, xbm, xcf, xd, xml, xpm, yaml, yml
| pdf   | Converts the item into PDF format  | doc, docx, epub, eml, htm, html, md, msg, odp, ods, odt, pps, ppsx, ppt, pptx, rtf, tif, tiff, xls, xlsm, xlsx

## Optional request headers

| Name            | Value   | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:----------------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| _if-none-match_ | String  | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Example

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "convert-item-content", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /drive/items/{item-id}/content?format={format}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/convert-item-content-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/convert-item-content-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/convert-item-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/convert-item-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/convert-item-content-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/convert-item-content-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/convert-item-content-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

## Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the converted file.

To download the converted file, your app must follow the `Location` header in the response.

Pre-authenticated URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to access.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more information about how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[file-facet]: ../resources/file.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Convert the contents of an item in OneDrive to a different format.",
  "keywords": "convert,pdf,convert to pdf",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Download formats",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-get-content-format.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Use this API to retrieve the contents of an item in a specific format."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Convert to other formats
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download a file in another format

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Use this API to retrieve the contents of an item in a specific format.
Not all files can be converted into all formats.

To download the item in its original format, see [download an item's contents](driveitem-get-content.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_get_content_format" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-get-content-format-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drive/items/{item-id}/content?format={format}
GET /drive/root:/{path and filename}:/content?format={format}
```

## Query parameters

| Parameter      | Type  | Description                                                    |
|:----------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------|
| _format_  | string | Specify the format the item's content should be downloaded as. |

The following values are valid for the **format** parameter:

| Value | Description                        | Supported source extensions
|:------|:-----------------------------------|---------------------------------
| glb   | Converts the item into GLB format  | cool, fbx, obj, ply, stl, 3mf
| html  | Converts the item into HTML format | eml, md, msg
| jpg   | Converts the item into JPG format  | 3g2, 3gp, 3gp2, 3gpp, 3mf, ai, arw, asf, avi, bas, bash, bat, bmp, c, cbl, cmd, cool, cpp, cr2, crw, cs, css, csv, cur, dcm, dcm30, dic, dicm, dicom, dng, doc, docx, dwg, eml, epi, eps, epsf, epsi, epub, erf, fbx, fppx, gif, glb, h, hcp, heic, heif, htm, html, ico, icon, java, jfif, jpeg, jpg, js, json, key, log, m2ts, m4a, m4v, markdown, md, mef, mov, movie, mp3, mp4, mp4v, mrw, msg, mts, nef, nrw, numbers, obj, odp, odt, ogg, orf, pages, pano, pdf, pef, php, pict, pl, ply, png, pot, potm, potx, pps, ppsx, ppsxm, ppt, pptm, pptx, ps, ps1, psb, psd, py, raw, rb, rtf, rw1, rw2, sh, sketch, sql, sr2, stl, tif, tiff, ts, txt, vb, webm, wma, wmv, xaml, xbm, xcf, xd, xml, xpm, yaml, yml
| pdf   | Converts the item into PDF format  | doc, docx, epub, eml, htm, html, md, msg, odp, ods, odt, pps, ppsx, ppt, pptx, rtf, tif, tiff, xls, xlsm, xlsx

## Optional request headers

| Name            | Value   | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:----------------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| _if-none-match_ | String  | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Example

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "convert-item-content", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /drive/items/{item-id}/content?format={format}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/convert-item-content-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/convert-item-content-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/convert-item-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/convert-item-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/convert-item-content-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/convert-item-content-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/convert-item-content-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

## Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the converted file.

To download the converted file, your app must follow the `Location` header in the response.

Pre-authenticated URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to access.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more information about how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[file-facet]: ../resources/file.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Convert the contents of an item in OneDrive to a different format.",
  "keywords": "convert,pdf,convert to pdf",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Download formats",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
