api-reference/beta/api/drive-list-following.md, before:

---
author: chackman
description: "List the items that have been followed by the signed in user."
title: List followed items
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List followed items

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List the [items](../resources/driveitem.md) that have been followed by the signed in user.
This collection includes items that are in the user's drive as well as items they have access to from other drives.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/following
```


## Response

This method returns a collection of [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources for items which the owner of the drive is following.
If no items were found, an empty collection is returned.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-followed-items" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/following
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-followed-items-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-followed-items-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-followed-items-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-followed-items-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-followed-items-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-followed-items-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-followed-items-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response


<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "1312abc!1231",
      "name": "March Proposal.docx",
      "size": 19121,
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
    },
    {
      "id": "1312def!9943",
      "name": "Vacation.jpg",
      "size": 37810,
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-10-18T10:40:59Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List the items a user is following.",
  "keywords": "drive,onedrive.drive,list followed items",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Drives/List followed items",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/drive-list-following.md, after:

---
author: chackman
description: "List the items that have been followed by the signed in user."
title: List followed items
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List followed items

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List the [items](../resources/driveitem.md) that have been followed by the signed in user.
This collection includes items that are in the user's drive as well as items they have access to from other drives.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "drive_list_following" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/drive-list-following-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/following
```


## Response

This method returns a collection of [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources for items which the owner of the drive is following.
If no items were found, an empty collection is returned.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-followed-items" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/following
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-followed-items-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-followed-items-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-followed-items-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-followed-items-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-followed-items-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-followed-items-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-followed-items-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response


<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItem)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "1312abc!1231",
      "name": "March Proposal.docx",
      "size": 19121,
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-12-12T10:40:59Z"
    },
    {
      "id": "1312def!9943",
      "name": "Vacation.jpg",
      "size": 37810,
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-10-18T10:40:59Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List the items a user is following.",
  "keywords": "drive,onedrive.drive,list followed items",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Drives/List followed items",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
