api-reference/beta/api/driveitemversion-get-contents.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Retrieve the contents of a specific version of a driveItem. "
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Download a previous version
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download contents of a DriveItemVersion resource (preview)

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the contents of a specific version of a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md). 

>**Note:** Getting the content of the current version is not supported. Instead, use the [driveItem content endpoint](driveitem-get-content.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
```

## Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the bytes of the file.

To download the contents of the file your application will need to follow the `Location` header in the response.
Many HTTP client libraries will automatically follow the 302 redirection and start downloading the file immedately.

Pre-authenticated download URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to download.

## Example

This example retrieves a version of a file in the current user's drive.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-version-contents", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-version-contents-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-version-contents-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-version-contents-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-version-contents-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-version-contents-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-version-contents-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-version-contents-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

This returns a redirect to where the contents of the version can be downloaded.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "isEmpty": true  } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Redirect
Location: https://onedrive.com/34FF49D6...
```


## Remarks

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [driveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/driveitemversion-get-contents.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Retrieve the contents of a specific version of a driveItem. "
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Download a previous version
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download contents of a DriveItemVersion resource (preview)

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the contents of a specific version of a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md). 

>**Note:** Getting the content of the current version is not supported. Instead, use the [driveItem content endpoint](driveitem-get-content.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitemversion_get_contents" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitemversion-get-contents-permissions.md)]


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
```

## Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the bytes of the file.

To download the contents of the file your application will need to follow the `Location` header in the response.
Many HTTP client libraries will automatically follow the 302 redirection and start downloading the file immedately.

Pre-authenticated download URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to download.

## Example

This example retrieves a version of a file in the current user's drive.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-version-contents", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-version-contents-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-version-contents-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-version-contents-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-version-contents-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-version-contents-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-version-contents-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/get-version-contents-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

This returns a redirect to where the contents of the version can be downloaded.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "isEmpty": true  } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Redirect
Location: https://onedrive.com/34FF49D6...
```


## Remarks

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [driveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
