api-reference/beta/api/drive-list.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Retrieve the list of Drive resources available for a target User, Group, or Site."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: List Drives
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List available drives

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the list of [Drive](../resources/drive.md) resources available for a target User, Group, or [Site](../resources/site.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

### List a group's drives
To list the document libraries for a group, your app requests the **drives** relationship on the Group.

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /groups/{groupId}/drives
```

### List a site's drives

To list the document libraries for a site, your app requests the **drives** relationship on the Site.


```http
GET /sites/{siteId}/drives
```

### List a user's drives

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /users/{userId}/drives
```

### List the current user's drives

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drives
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand`, `$select`, `$skipToken`, `$top`, and `$orderby` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [Drive](../resources/drive.md) objects in the response body.


## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {"blockType": "request", "name": "enum-drives", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drives
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/enum-drives-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/enum-drives-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/enum-drives-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/enum-drives-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/enum-drives-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/enum-drives-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/enum-drives-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", 
       "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.drive)",
       "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "942CAEB0-13AE-491B-85E4-7557CDC0F25F",
      "driveType": "documentLibrary",
      "name": "Shared Documents",
      "owner": {
        "user": {
          "id": "AE2A1EE9-81A7-423C-ABE4-B945F47509BB",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "C1CD3ED9-0E98-4B0B-82D3-C8FB784B9DCC",
      "driveType": "documentLibrary",
      "name": "Contoso Project Files",
      "owner": {
        "user": {
          "id": "406B2281-18E8-4416-9857-38C531B904F1",
          "displayName": "Daron Spektor"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

Most users will only have a single Drive resource.

Groups and Sites may have multiple Drive resources available.

Drives with the [system][] facet are hidden by default.
To list them, include `system` in your `$select` statement.

[system]: ../resources/systemfacet.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List the available drives for a user, group, or site.",
  "keywords": "drive,onedrive.drive,list drives",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Drives/List drives",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/drive-list.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Retrieve the list of Drive resources available for a target User, Group, or Site."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: List Drives
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# List available drives

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the list of [Drive](../resources/drive.md) resources available for a target User, Group, or [Site](../resources/site.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "drive_list" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/drive-list-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

### List a group's drives
To list the document libraries for a group, your app requests the **drives** relationship on the Group.

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /groups/{groupId}/drives
```

### List a site's drives

To list the document libraries for a site, your app requests the **drives** relationship on the Site.


```http
GET /sites/{siteId}/drives
```

### List a user's drives

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /users/{userId}/drives
```

### List the current user's drives

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drives
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the `$expand`, `$select`, `$skipToken`, `$top`, and `$orderby` [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [Drive](../resources/drive.md) objects in the response body.


## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {"blockType": "request", "name": "enum-drives", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drives
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/enum-drives-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/enum-drives-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/enum-drives-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/enum-drives-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/enum-drives-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/enum-drives-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/enum-drives-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", 
       "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.drive)",
       "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "942CAEB0-13AE-491B-85E4-7557CDC0F25F",
      "driveType": "documentLibrary",
      "name": "Shared Documents",
      "owner": {
        "user": {
          "id": "AE2A1EE9-81A7-423C-ABE4-B945F47509BB",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "C1CD3ED9-0E98-4B0B-82D3-C8FB784B9DCC",
      "driveType": "documentLibrary",
      "name": "Contoso Project Files",
      "owner": {
        "user": {
          "id": "406B2281-18E8-4416-9857-38C531B904F1",
          "displayName": "Daron Spektor"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

Most users will only have a single Drive resource.

Groups and Sites may have multiple Drive resources available.

Drives with the [system][] facet are hidden by default.
To list them, include `system` in your `$select` statement.

[system]: ../resources/systemfacet.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List the available drives for a user, group, or site.",
  "keywords": "drive,onedrive.drive,list drives",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Drives/List drives",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
