api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-unfollow.md, before:

---
author: chackman
description: Unfollow an item that the user is following.
title: Unfollow drive item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Unfollow drive item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Unfollow a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

>**Note:** To follow an item, see [Follow Item](driveitem-follow.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/following/{item-id}
DELETE /users/{user-id}/drive/following/{item-id}
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
```

## Request body

No request body is required.

## Response

If successful, the API call returns a `204 No Content`. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
### Request
Here is an example of the request.
This example unfollows an item identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "unfollow-item", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/unfollow-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/unfollow-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/unfollow-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/unfollow-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/unfollow-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/unfollow-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
<!-- { 
    "blockType": "response", 
    "truncated": true 
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Unfollow an item that the user is following.",
  "keywords": "unfollow item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Unfollow",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-unfollow.md, after:

---
author: chackman
description: Unfollow an item that the user is following.
title: Unfollow drive item
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Unfollow drive item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Unfollow a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

>**Note:** To follow an item, see [Follow Item](driveitem-follow.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_unfollow" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-unfollow-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/following/{item-id}
DELETE /users/{user-id}/drive/following/{item-id}
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
```

## Request body

No request body is required.

## Response

If successful, the API call returns a `204 No Content`. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
### Request
Here is an example of the request.
This example unfollows an item identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "unfollow-item", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/unfollow
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/unfollow-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/unfollow-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/unfollow-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/unfollow-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/unfollow-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/unfollow-item-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
<!-- { 
    "blockType": "response", 
    "truncated": true 
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Unfollow an item that the user is following.",
  "keywords": "unfollow item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Unfollow",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
