api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-post-children.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Create a new folder or DriveItem in a Drive with a specified parent item or path."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Create a new folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Create a new folder in a drive

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create a new folder or [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) in a [Drive](../resources/drive.md) with a specified parent item or path.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /me/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
```

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource to create.

## Response

If successful, this method returns `201 Created` response code and a [Driveitem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

### Request

Here is an example of the request to create a new folder in the signed-in user's OneDrive root folder.
The `@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior` property used indicates that if an item already exists with the same name, the service should choose a new name for the folder while creating it.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-folder", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/root/children
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "New Folder",
  "folder": { },
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior": "rename"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-folder-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-folder-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-folder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-folder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-folder-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/create-folder-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/create-folder-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns the newly created folder as a [DriveItem][item-resource] resource.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "createdBy": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Ryan Gregg",
      "id": "309EC495-3E92-431D-9124-F0299633171D"
    }
  },
  "createdDateTime": "2016-09-20T14:34:00Z",
  "eTag": "343F1FBD-E9B3-4DDE-BCA7-D61AEAFF44E5,1",
  "id": "ACEA49D1-1444-45A9-A1CB-68B1B28AE491",
  "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Ryan Gregg",
      "id": "309EC495-3E92-431D-9124-F0299633171D"
    }
  },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-09-20T14:34:00Z",
  "name": "New Folder",
  "parentReference": {
    "driveId": "5FE38E3C-051C-4D55-9B83-8A437658275B",
    "id": "E67A8F34-B0AA-46E1-8FF7-0750A29553DF",
    "path": "/drive/root:/"
  },
  "size": 0,
  "folder": {
    "childCount": 0
  }
}
```

## Error response

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[folder-facet]: ../resources/folder.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a folder item in a drive.",
  "keywords": "create,folder,new item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Create folder",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-post-children.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Create a new folder or DriveItem in a Drive with a specified parent item or path."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Create a new folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Create a new folder in a drive

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create a new folder or [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) in a [Drive](../resources/drive.md) with a specified parent item or path.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_post_children" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-post-children-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /me/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{parent-item-id}/children
```

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource to create.

## Response

If successful, this method returns `201 Created` response code and a [Driveitem](../resources/driveitem.md) resource in the response body.

## Example

### Request

Here is an example of the request to create a new folder in the signed-in user's OneDrive root folder.
The `@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior` property used indicates that if an item already exists with the same name, the service should choose a new name for the folder while creating it.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-folder", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/root/children
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "New Folder",
  "folder": { },
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior": "rename"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-folder-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-folder-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-folder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-folder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-folder-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/create-folder-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/create-folder-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns the newly created folder as a [DriveItem][item-resource] resource.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "createdBy": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Ryan Gregg",
      "id": "309EC495-3E92-431D-9124-F0299633171D"
    }
  },
  "createdDateTime": "2016-09-20T14:34:00Z",
  "eTag": "343F1FBD-E9B3-4DDE-BCA7-D61AEAFF44E5,1",
  "id": "ACEA49D1-1444-45A9-A1CB-68B1B28AE491",
  "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Ryan Gregg",
      "id": "309EC495-3E92-431D-9124-F0299633171D"
    }
  },
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2016-09-20T14:34:00Z",
  "name": "New Folder",
  "parentReference": {
    "driveId": "5FE38E3C-051C-4D55-9B83-8A437658275B",
    "id": "E67A8F34-B0AA-46E1-8FF7-0750A29553DF",
    "path": "/drive/root:/"
  },
  "size": 0,
  "folder": {
    "childCount": 0
  }
}
```

## Error response

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors
[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
[folder-facet]: ../resources/folder.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a folder item in a drive.",
  "keywords": "create,folder,new item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Create folder",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
