api-reference/beta/api/filter-clear.md, before:

---
title: "filter: clear"
description: "Clear the filter on the given column."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
---

# filter: clear

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Clear the filter on the given column.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "filter_clear"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/filter-clear-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/filter-clear-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/filter-clear-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/filter-clear-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/filter-clear-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/filter-clear-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Filter: clear",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/filter-clear.md, after:

---
title: "filter: clear"
description: "Clear the filter on the given column."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
---

# filter: clear

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Clear the filter on the given column.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "filter_clear" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/filter-clear-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "filter_clear"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/filter/clear
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/filter-clear-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/filter-clear-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/filter-clear-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/filter-clear-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/filter-clear-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/filter-clear-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Filter: clear",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
