api-reference/beta/api/permission-update.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Update the properties of a sharing permission by patching the permission resource."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Change sharing permissions
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
---
# Update sharing permission

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of a sharing permission by patching the permission resource.

Only the **roles** property can be modified this way.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | string | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated.

Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

The following properties on these permission types can be modified.

| Permission Type        | Property | Type              | Description                   |
|:-----------------------|:---------|:------------------|:------------------------------|
| User                   | roles    | String collection | An array of permission types. |
| Anonymous Sharing Link | expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset | A format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTimeOffset for the expiration time of the permission. |

### Remarks
Unsupported permission modifications include the following:
- Organizational sharing links
- People sharing links

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [permission](../resources/permission.md) object in the response body.

## Example

Here is an example of the request that changes the role on the sharing permission to read-only.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {"blockType": "request", "name": "update-permission", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.permission", "scopes": "files.readwrite"} -->

```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "roles": [ "read" ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-permission-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-permission-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-permission-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-permission-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-permission-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/update-permission-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-permission-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a [Permission](../resources/permission.md) resource in the response body that represents the updated state of the permission.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.permission", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@deprecated.GrantedTo": "GrantedTo has been deprecated. Refer to GrantedToV2",
  "grantedTo": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
      "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12"
    }
  },
  "grantedToV2": {
    "user": {
      "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen"
    },
    "siteUser": {
      "id": "1",
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
      "loginName": "Robin Danielsen"
    }
  },
  "id": "1",
  "roles": [ "read" ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update an item's sharing permissions",
  "keywords": "permission, permissions, sharing, change permissions, update permission",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "OneDrive/Item/Update permission",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/permission-update.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Update the properties of a sharing permission by patching the permission resource."
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Change sharing permissions
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
---
# Update sharing permission

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of a sharing permission by patching the permission resource.

Only the **roles** property can be modified this way.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "permission_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/permission-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
PATCH /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | string | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated.

Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values.
For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

The following properties on these permission types can be modified.

| Permission Type        | Property | Type              | Description                   |
|:-----------------------|:---------|:------------------|:------------------------------|
| User                   | roles    | String collection | An array of permission types. |
| Anonymous Sharing Link | expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset | A format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTimeOffset for the expiration time of the permission. |

### Remarks
Unsupported permission modifications include the following:
- Organizational sharing links
- People sharing links

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [permission](../resources/permission.md) object in the response body.

## Example

Here is an example of the request that changes the role on the sharing permission to read-only.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {"blockType": "request", "name": "update-permission", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.permission", "scopes": "files.readwrite"} -->

```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{item-id}/permissions/{perm-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "roles": [ "read" ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-permission-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-permission-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-permission-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-permission-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-permission-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/update-permission-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-permission-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a [Permission](../resources/permission.md) resource in the response body that represents the updated state of the permission.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.permission", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@deprecated.GrantedTo": "GrantedTo has been deprecated. Refer to GrantedToV2",
  "grantedTo": {
    "user": {
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
      "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12"
    }
  },
  "grantedToV2": {
    "user": {
      "id": "efee1b77-fb3b-4f65-99d6-274c11914d12",
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen"
    },
    "siteUser": {
      "id": "1",
      "displayName": "Robin Danielsen",
      "loginName": "Robin Danielsen"
    }
  },
  "id": "1",
  "roles": [ "read" ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update an item's sharing permissions",
  "keywords": "permission, permissions, sharing, change permissions, update permission",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "OneDrive/Item/Update permission",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
