api-reference/beta/api/rangesort-apply.md, before:

---
title: "RangeSort: apply"
description: "Perform a sort operation."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# RangeSort: apply

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Perform a sort operation.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/sort/apply

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|fields|workbookSortField collection|The list of conditions to sort on.|
|matchCase|boolean|Optional. Whether to have the casing impact string ordering.|
|hasHeaders|boolean|Optional. Whether the range has a header.|
|orientation|string|Optional. Whether the operation is sorting rows or columns.  Possible values are: `Rows`, `Columns`.|
|method|string|Optional. The ordering method used for Chinese characters.  Possible values are: `PinYin`, `StrokeCount`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "rangesort_apply"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
Content-type: application/json

{
  "fields": [
    {
      "key": 99,
      "sortOn": "sortOn-value",
      "ascending": true,
      "color": "color-value",
      "dataOption": "dataOption-value",
      "icon": {
        "set": "set-value",
        "index": 99
      }
    }
  ],
  "matchCase": true,
  "hasHeaders": true,
  "orientation": "orientation-value",
  "method": "method-value"
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/rangesort-apply-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/rangesort-apply-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "RangeSort: apply",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/rangesort-apply.md, after:

---
title: "RangeSort: apply"
description: "Perform a sort operation."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# RangeSort: apply

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Perform a sort operation.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "rangesort_apply" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/rangesort-apply-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/sort/apply
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/sort/apply

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|fields|workbookSortField collection|The list of conditions to sort on.|
|matchCase|boolean|Optional. Whether to have the casing impact string ordering.|
|hasHeaders|boolean|Optional. Whether the range has a header.|
|orientation|string|Optional. Whether the operation is sorting rows or columns.  Possible values are: `Rows`, `Columns`.|
|method|string|Optional. The ordering method used for Chinese characters.  Possible values are: `PinYin`, `StrokeCount`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "rangesort_apply"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/sort/apply
Content-type: application/json

{
  "fields": [
    {
      "key": 99,
      "sortOn": "sortOn-value",
      "ascending": true,
      "color": "color-value",
      "dataOption": "dataOption-value",
      "icon": {
        "set": "set-value",
        "index": 99
      }
    }
  ],
  "matchCase": true,
  "hasHeaders": true,
  "orientation": "orientation-value",
  "method": "method-value"
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/rangesort-apply-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/rangesort-apply-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "RangeSort: apply",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
