api-reference/beta/api/range-cell.md, before:

---
title: "Range: Cell"
description: "Gets the range object containing the single cell based on row and column numbers. The cell can be outside the bounds of its parent range, so long as it's stays within the worksheet grid. The returned cell is located relative to the top left cell of the range."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: Cell

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Gets the range object containing the single cell based on row and column numbers. The cell can be outside the bounds of its parent range, so long as it's stays within the worksheet grid. The returned cell is located relative to the top left cell of the range.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/Cell
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/Cell

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|row|number|Row number of the cell to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|
|column|number|Column number of the cell to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookRange](../resources/workbookrange.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "range_cell"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
Content-type: application/json

{
  "row": {
  },
  "column": {
  }
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: Cell",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/range-cell.md, after:

---
title: "Range: Cell"
description: "Gets the range object containing the single cell based on row and column numbers. The cell can be outside the bounds of its parent range, so long as it's stays within the worksheet grid. The returned cell is located relative to the top left cell of the range."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Range: Cell

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Gets the range object containing the single cell based on row and column numbers. The cell can be outside the bounds of its parent range, so long as it's stays within the worksheet grid. The returned cell is located relative to the top left cell of the range.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "range_cell" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/range-cell-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/Cell
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/Cell
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/Cell

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|row|number|Row number of the cell to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|
|column|number|Column number of the cell to be retrieved. Zero-indexed.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookRange](../resources/workbookrange.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "range_cell"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/Cell
Content-type: application/json

{
  "row": {
  },
  "column": {
  }
}
```

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnIndex": 99,
  "valueTypes": "valueTypes-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Range: Cell",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->
