api-reference/beta/api/subscriptions-socketio.md, before:

---
author: learafa
title: "Get websocket endpoint"
description: "Use of these APIs in production applications is not supported."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get websocket endpoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
Use of these APIs in production applications is not supported.

Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a [drive][] and [list][] using [socket.io][].
Socket.io is a popular notifications library for JavaScript that utilizes WebSockets. To learn more, see [socket.io](https://socket.io).

[drive]: ../resources/drive.md
[list]: ../resources/list.md
[socket.io]: https://socket.io/

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API.
To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All
| Application                            | Not supported.

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/list/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /groups/{groupId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /sites/{siteId}/lists/{listId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive_root_subscriptions_socketIo" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [subscription](../resources/subscription.md) object in the response body.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.subscription"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "opaqueId-fj3hd7yf283jfk193726nvc2w3i2diemdu8",
  "notificationUrl": "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523"
}
```

The `notificationUrl` returned is a socket.io endpoint URL.
To use it with a socket.io client, split the string on the `/callback?` token.
The part of the string before `/callback?` is the socket.io endpoint URL and the part of the string after is an opaque query string that must be given to the libary.

The following example shows how to use the `notificationUrl` with socket.io in JavaScript.

```javascript
// this is the notificationUrl returned from this API
var notificationUrl = "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523";

// after the split, split[0] will be everything leading up to '/callback?' and split[1] will be everything after.
var split = notificationUrl.split("/callback?");

// 'io' comes from the socket.io client library
var socket = io(split[0], { query: split[1] });

// these examples log to the console.
// your app would provide its own callbacks
socket.on("connect", ()=>console.log("Connected!"));
socket.on("notification", (data)=>console.log("Notification!", data));
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121756

api-reference/beta/api/subscriptions-socketio.md, after:

---
author: learafa
title: "Get websocket endpoint"
description: "Use of these APIs in production applications is not supported."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get websocket endpoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
Use of these APIs in production applications is not supported.

Allows you to receive near-real-time change notifications for a [drive][] and [list][] using [socket.io][].
Socket.io is a popular notifications library for JavaScript that utilizes WebSockets. To learn more, see [socket.io](https://socket.io).

[drive]: ../resources/drive.md
[list]: ../resources/list.md
[socket.io]: https://socket.io/

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "subscriptions_socketio" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/subscriptions-socketio-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /drives/{driveId}/list/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /groups/{groupId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
GET /sites/{siteId}/lists/{listId}/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive_root_subscriptions_socketIo" } -->
```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/root/subscriptions/socketIo
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/drive-root-subscriptions-socketio-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [subscription](../resources/subscription.md) object in the response body.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.subscription"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "opaqueId-fj3hd7yf283jfk193726nvc2w3i2diemdu8",
  "notificationUrl": "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523"
}
```

The `notificationUrl` returned is a socket.io endpoint URL.
To use it with a socket.io client, split the string on the `/callback?` token.
The part of the string before `/callback?` is the socket.io endpoint URL and the part of the string after is an opaque query string that must be given to the libary.

The following example shows how to use the `notificationUrl` with socket.io in JavaScript.

```javascript
// this is the notificationUrl returned from this API
var notificationUrl = "https://f3hb0mpua.svc.ms/zbaehwg/callback?snthgk=1ff3-2345672zz831837523";

// after the split, split[0] will be everything leading up to '/callback?' and split[1] will be everything after.
var split = notificationUrl.split("/callback?");

// 'io' comes from the socket.io client library
var socket = io(split[0], { query: split[1] });

// these examples log to the console.
// your app would provide its own callbacks
socket.on("connect", ()=>console.log("Connected!"));
socket.on("notification", (data)=>console.log("Notification!", data));
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
