api-reference/beta/api/tablerowcollection-add.md, before:

---
title: "TableRowCollection: add"
description: "Adds rows to the end of the table. Note that the API can accept multiple rows data using this API. Adding one row at a time could lead to performance degradation. The recommended approach would be to batch the rows together in a single call rather than doing single row insertion. For best results, collect the rows to be inserted on the application side and perform single rows add operation. Experiment with the number of rows to determine the ideal number of rows to use in single API call. "
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableRowCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Adds rows to the end of the table. Note that the API can accept multiple rows data using this API. Adding one row at a time could lead to performance degradation. The recommended approach would be to batch the rows together in a single call rather than doing single row insertion. For best results, collect the rows to be inserted on the application side and perform single rows add operation. Experiment with the number of rows to determine the ideal number of rows to use in single API call. 

## Error Handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/rows/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|index|number|Optional. Specifies the relative position of the new row. If null, the addition happens at the end. Any rows below the inserted row are shifted downwards. Zero-indexed.|
|values|(boolean or string or number) collection|Optional. A 2-dimensional array of unformatted values of the table rows.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookTableRow](../resources/workbooktablerow.md) object in the response body.

## Example
In this example two rows of data are inserted at the end of the table. 

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablerowcollection_add_2"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": null,
  "values": [
    [1, 2, 3],
    [4, 5, 6]
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablerowcollection-add-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablerowcollection-add-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablerowcollection-add-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablerowcollection-add-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablerowcollection-add-2-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTableRow"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": 99,
  "values": "values-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableRowCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/tablerowcollection-add.md, after:

---
title: "TableRowCollection: add"
description: "Adds rows to the end of the table. Note that the API can accept multiple rows data using this API. Adding one row at a time could lead to performance degradation. The recommended approach would be to batch the rows together in a single call rather than doing single row insertion. For best results, collect the rows to be inserted on the application side and perform single rows add operation. Experiment with the number of rows to determine the ideal number of rows to use in single API call. "
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableRowCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Adds rows to the end of the table. Note that the API can accept multiple rows data using this API. Adding one row at a time could lead to performance degradation. The recommended approach would be to batch the rows together in a single call rather than doing single row insertion. For best results, collect the rows to be inserted on the application side and perform single rows add operation. Experiment with the number of rows to determine the ideal number of rows to use in single API call. 

## Error Handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "tablerowcollection_add" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/tablerowcollection-add-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/rows/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|index|number|Optional. Specifies the relative position of the new row. If null, the addition happens at the end. Any rows below the inserted row are shifted downwards. Zero-indexed.|
|values|(boolean or string or number) collection|Optional. A 2-dimensional array of unformatted values of the table rows.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookTableRow](../resources/workbooktablerow.md) object in the response body.

## Example
In this example two rows of data are inserted at the end of the table. 

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablerowcollection_add_2"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/rows/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": null,
  "values": [
    [1, 2, 3],
    [4, 5, 6]
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablerowcollection-add-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablerowcollection-add-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablerowcollection-add-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablerowcollection-add-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablerowcollection-add-2-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTableRow"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "index": 99,
  "values": "values-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableRowCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
