api-reference/beta/api/tablecollection-add.md, before:

---
title: "TableCollection: add"
description: "Create a new table. The range source address determines the worksheet under which the table will be added. If the table cannot be added (e.g., because the address is invalid, or the table would overlap with another table), an error will be thrown."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create a new table. The range source address determines the worksheet under which the table will be added. If the table cannot be added (e.g., because the address is invalid, or the table would overlap with another table), an error will be thrown.

## Error Handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|address|string|Address or name of the range object representing the data source. If the address does not contain a sheet name, the currently-active sheet is used.|
|hasHeaders|boolean|Boolean value that indicates whether the data being imported has column labels. If the source does not contain headers (i.e,. when this property set to false), Excel will automatically generate header shifting the data down by one row.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookTable](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablecollection_add"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "Sheet1!A1:D5",
  "hasHeaders": true
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablecollection-add-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablecollection-add-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablecollection-add-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablecollection-add-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablecollection-add-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablecollection-add-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/tablecollection-add.md, after:

---
title: "TableCollection: add"
description: "Create a new table. The range source address determines the worksheet under which the table will be added. If the table cannot be added (e.g., because the address is invalid, or the table would overlap with another table), an error will be thrown."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableCollection: add

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create a new table. The range source address determines the worksheet under which the table will be added. If the table cannot be added (e.g., because the address is invalid, or the table would overlap with another table), an error will be thrown.

## Error Handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "tablecollection_add" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/tablecollection-add-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|address|string|Address or name of the range object representing the data source. If the address does not contain a sheet name, the currently-active sheet is used.|
|hasHeaders|boolean|Boolean value that indicates whether the data being imported has column labels. If the source does not contain headers (i.e,. when this property set to false), Excel will automatically generate header shifting the data down by one row.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookTable](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablecollection_add"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "Sheet1!A1:D5",
  "hasHeaders": true
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/tablecollection-add-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/tablecollection-add-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablecollection-add-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablecollection-add-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/tablecollection-add-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/tablecollection-add-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
