api-reference/beta/api/table-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update table"
description: "Update the properties of table object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update table

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of table object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|Name of the table.|
|showHeaders|boolean|Indicates whether the header row is visible or not. This value can be set to show or remove the header row.|
|showTotals|boolean|Indicates whether the total row is visible or not. This value can be set to show or remove the total row.|
|style|string|Constant value that represents the Table style. The possible values are: `TableStyleLight1` through `TableStyleLight21`, `TableStyleMedium1` through  `TableStyleMedium28`, `TableStyleDark1` through `TableStyleDark11`. A custom user-defined style present in the workbook can also be specified.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an updated [table](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_table"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-table-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-table-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-table-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-table-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-table-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-table-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 
>**Note**: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update table",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/table-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update table"
description: "Update the properties of table object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update table

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of table object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "table_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/table-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|Name of the table.|
|showHeaders|boolean|Indicates whether the header row is visible or not. This value can be set to show or remove the header row.|
|showTotals|boolean|Indicates whether the total row is visible or not. This value can be set to show or remove the total row.|
|style|string|Constant value that represents the Table style. The possible values are: `TableStyleLight1` through `TableStyleLight21`, `TableStyleMedium1` through  `TableStyleMedium28`, `TableStyleDark1` through `TableStyleDark11`. A custom user-defined style present in the workbook can also be specified.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an updated [table](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_table"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-table-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-table-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-table-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-table-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-table-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-table-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 
>**Note**: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update table",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
