api-reference/beta/api/workbookrangeview-range.md, before:

---
title: "workbookRangeView: range"
description: "Return the range associated with the rangeView resource."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookRangeView: range

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Return the range associated with the rangeView resource.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).


|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address={address})/visibleView/range
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address={address})/visibleView/range

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookRange](../resources/workbookrange.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookrangeview_range"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address='A1:Z10')/visibleView/range
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookrangeview-range-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookrangeview-range-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnHidden": true,
  "columnIndex": 99
}
```

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/workbookrangeview-range.md, after:

---
title: "workbookRangeView: range"
description: "Return the range associated with the rangeView resource."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookRangeView: range

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Return the range associated with the rangeView resource.

## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).


<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbookrangeview_range" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbookrangeview-range-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address={address})/visibleView/range
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address={address})/visibleView/range

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [workbookRange](../resources/workbookrange.md) object in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookrangeview_range"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/workbook/worksheets/{id}/range(address='A1:Z10')/visibleView/range
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookrangeview-range-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookrangeview-range-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRange"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "address-value",
  "addressLocal": "addressLocal-value",
  "cellCount": 99,
  "columnCount": 99,
  "columnHidden": true,
  "columnIndex": 99
}
```
