api-reference/beta/api/worksheet-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update worksheet"
description: "Update the properties of worksheet object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update worksheet

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of worksheet object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|The display name of the worksheet.|
|position|int|The zero-based position of the worksheet within the workbook.|
|visibility|string|The Visibility of the worksheet. Possible values are: `Visible`, `Hidden`, `VeryHidden`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookWorksheet](../resources/workbookworksheet.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_worksheet"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": 99,
  "name": "name-value",
  "visibility": "visibility-value"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-worksheet-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-worksheet-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-worksheet-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-worksheet-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-worksheet-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-worksheet-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookWorksheet"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "position": 99,
  "name": "name-value",
  "visibility": "visibility-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update worksheet",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121259 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/worksheet-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update worksheet"
description: "Update the properties of worksheet object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update worksheet

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of worksheet object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "worksheet_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/worksheet-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|The display name of the worksheet.|
|position|int|The zero-based position of the worksheet within the workbook.|
|visibility|string|The Visibility of the worksheet. Possible values are: `Visible`, `Hidden`, `VeryHidden`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookWorksheet](../resources/workbookworksheet.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_worksheet"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}
Content-type: application/json

{
  "position": 99,
  "name": "name-value",
  "visibility": "visibility-value"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/update-worksheet-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/update-worksheet-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-worksheet-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-worksheet-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/update-worksheet-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/update-worksheet-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookWorksheet"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "position": 99,
  "name": "name-value",
  "visibility": "visibility-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update worksheet",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
