api-reference/beta/api/worksheet-post-tables.md, before:

---
title: "Create table"
description: "Use this API to create a new Table."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create table

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Use this API to create a new Table.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters. 

| Parameter       | Type|Description|
|:---------------|:----------|:----------|
| Address  | string| Range address. If you are calling this API off of `worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add` path, there is no need to support the sheet name prefix in the address. However, if you are calling this off of `workbook/tables/add` path, then supply the sheet name on which the table needs to be created (example: `sheet1!A1:D4`)|
| hasHeaders  | boolean|Boolean value that indicates whether the range has column labels. If the source does not contain headers (i.e,. when this property set to false), Excel will automatically generate header shifting the data down by one row.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `201 Created` response code and [workbookTable](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_table_from_worksheet"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/$/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "",
  "hasHeaders": false
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-table-from-worksheet-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-table-from-worksheet-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create Table",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/worksheet-post-tables.md, after:

---
title: "Create table"
description: "Use this API to create a new Table."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create table

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Use this API to create a new Table.
## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "worksheet_post_tables" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/worksheet-post-tables-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters. 

| Parameter       | Type|Description|
|:---------------|:----------|:----------|
| Address  | string| Range address. If you are calling this API off of `worksheets/{id|name}/tables/add` path, there is no need to support the sheet name prefix in the address. However, if you are calling this off of `workbook/tables/add` path, then supply the sheet name on which the table needs to be created (example: `sheet1!A1:D4`)|
| hasHeaders  | boolean|Boolean value that indicates whether the range has column labels. If the source does not contain headers (i.e,. when this property set to false), Excel will automatically generate header shifting the data down by one row.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `201 Created` response code and [workbookTable](../resources/workbooktable.md) object in the response body.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_table_from_worksheet"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/$/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "address": "",
  "hasHeaders": false
}
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-table-from-worksheet-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-table-from-worksheet-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookTable"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "name-value",
  "showHeaders": true,
  "showTotals": true,
  "style": "style-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create Table",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
