api-reference/beta/api/workbookpivottable-refresh.md, before:

---
title: "workbookPivotTable: refresh"
description: "Refreshes the PivotTable."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookPivotTable: refresh

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Refreshes the PivotTable.


## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).


|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookpivottable_refresh"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookpivottable-refresh-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookpivottable-refresh-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```
<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121271 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/workbookpivottable-refresh.md, after:

---
title: "workbookPivotTable: refresh"
description: "Refreshes the PivotTable."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookPivotTable: refresh

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Refreshes the PivotTable.


## Permissions
Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).


<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbookpivottable_refresh" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbookpivottable-refresh-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookpivottable_refresh"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/workbook/worksheets/{id}/pivotTables/{id}/refresh
```

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookpivottable-refresh-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookpivottable-refresh-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```
<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
