api-reference/beta/api/workbookcomment-post-replies.md, before:

---
title: "Create workbookCommentReply"
description: "Create a new workbookCommentReply."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Create workbookCommentReply

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Create a new [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of a [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a new [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_workbookcommentreply_from_workbookcomment"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
Content-type: application/json

{
  "content": "This is my reply to the comment.",
  "contentType": "plain"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookCommentReply"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "content": "This is my reply to the comment.",
  "contentType": "plain",
  "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFB8}"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create workbookCommentReply",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 121452 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/workbookcomment-post-replies.md, after:

---
title: "Create workbookCommentReply"
description: "Create a new workbookCommentReply."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Create workbookCommentReply

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Create a new [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object.

## Permissions

Choose the permission or permissions marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission or permissions [only if your app requires it](/graph/permissions-overview#best-practices-for-using-microsoft-graph-permissions). For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbookcomment_post_replies" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbookcomment-post-replies-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of a [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a new [workbookCommentReply](../resources/workbookcommentreply.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_workbookcommentreply_from_workbookcomment"
}-->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/items/{id}/workbook/comments/{id}/replies
Content-type: application/json

{
  "content": "This is my reply to the comment.",
  "contentType": "plain"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Python](#tab/python)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/python/create-workbookcommentreply-from-workbookcomment-python-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookCommentReply"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "content": "This is my reply to the comment.",
  "contentType": "plain",
  "id": "{97A21473-8339-4BF0-BCB6-F55E4909FFB8}"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create workbookCommentReply",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
